175132007,"They are the same, just the compound is structured in a different way, thus the original patent is not utilised. KFC, the secret herbs n spices! This is why some tend to find a difference in uptake, this is in a neuro context, because the receptors taking this senses a difference and says, hello, similar, but not quite. HT Addendum, well, the FDA is just a token entity to big pharma. And yes, not in my neck of the woods, however it must be a mandatory process to inspect every batch! I guess if we did not with the covid jab then possibly more deaths would be attributable than the actual current death toll! My country are buying 4, all different compounds, different levels of efficacy. The FDA testing of drugs is bs, pump them out as they are ownded by big pharma and less rigourous testing, and in house testing that is rife with bs reporting and bs evidenced based research and evidence based clinical trials that are and should be done externally, if they did most would not pass. HT It is all about th
e money. HT"
175982108,anathegram ineptly strums a guitar don't matter how many flowers I shove up my ass boss always pulls em out I got the lockdown blues wheezing harmonica solo
175982109,"We were supposed to have an inspection today too, here. But no one came by."
175982110,I'm a level 28 Mage on it
175982111,Watching the cowboys game over at _NAME_ house. Got my pokemon game. Canceled the amazon one and my mom gave me money to buy it. I'll give her the refund money for the other one. I wouldve had to wait another few days.
175982112,"Yes it wakes me up in the morning, just difficult to get out since the mornings are chilly and want to stay in the nice warm shower."
175982113,Ew snow.
175982114,I need a new hoodie
175982115,decided on some Greek yogurt
175982116,_AT_MENTION_ I'm glad that interview went well! _AT_MENTION_ I'm glad you're getting out of the hospital. HUGS
175982117,I though you had friends going?
175982118,I have two chickens now and just went to the Spirits eve festival... But winter is tomorrow....
175982119,I got about 7 to 7.5 hours of sleep last night. I started my going to bed schedule around 7:45 PM but I was still awake at 8:30 PM. I took a couple of xanax and drifted off to sleep. I think I had to get up and use the bathroom but fell back asleep no problems. No weird dreams last night. Pretty chill. Woke up to the alarm clock. Hit snooze. Then got up.
175982120,Thanks _AT_MENTION_. _AT_MENTION_ I hope you're feeling better. Looking forward to you being back on the forum when you're up to it!
175982121,"Thanks, it seems to have gone away since I've almost been on the shot a week and off thorazine, I seem to be adjusting to the changes now. I'll try that if it happens again though"
175982122,"Played Stardew Valley last night, repaired the bridge and caught my first fish"
175982123,"Stardew Valley’s publisher has upcoming game that inspired by _NAME_, Harvest Moon, and Studio Ghibli. Must be fun I can’t wait. Stardew Valley Publisher Talks Spellbound, Its Upcoming Wizard Game"
175982124,people are against me. They rather see me die and parish. I question a lot about my friends because they either keep ghosting me or don’t want nothing to do with me unless I help them with something.
175982125,"I'm totally a beginner and can't concentrate for long but sudoku is what I'll be doing any time I'm waiting to see the doctor or in the car or something.. Instead of news articles and such/social media.. Good for the mind... But you have a good mind. Master of social media. I honestly prefer to stay ignorant because people are all like ""Don't be ignorant"" - What?? We only know less than 0.0000000000001%. Everyone is ignorant to this misery. Compassion is what matters! And people show none of that when they argue.. They just want to be right.... And there is no right!! It's subjective! Ok im done sorry for ranting.."
175982126,Enjoy zoom dating from your home....much easier with anxiety anyway.
175982127,Now I'm just having a panic attack. I cant stop crying.
174377806,"The thing with that is... people can be engrossed into their own reality, they forget to take care of themselves and live. Psychotics tend to neglect their personal needs because they're delusions and hallucinations are more important."
175982128,"Ok I guess! I'm expecting a bunch of packages so I'll have to go to the social worker here in case they've piled them up in her office. Dreading that. She was pissed at me since last week when I noticed my almost empty Vapewild bag was no longer on my dresser. I'm not supposed to have any vape supplies in my room. I have a bag of juices in my middle drawer, I should give it to her. There isn't room for them in the smokers cart. How are you feeling, ok?"
175982129,I cope by listening to music in head phones. If they're particularly bad like I'm having trouble understanding I'll tell my husband I have a headache. He knows what that means.
175982130,Hi everybody I haven't been on in some time. These past two to four weeks have been horrible my anxiety has been through the roof . plus I have a flare-up with my ulcerative colitis. My niece and sister are going through some tough times right now and it's really taking a toll on the Family. It's hard to see loved ones go through difficult times. I'm trying to be there the best I can but with my anxiety and panic in my stomach so out of whack right now I feel bad I can't be there as much as I should. I do text my sister constantly. I just feel right now this is never going to pass I'm sick of crying. I do see my therapist Tuesday. Has anybody else had severe anxiety over Family Matters and how did you deal with that. Thank you for listening.
175982131,"getting by said... It is easy to get dehydrated in the heat. I take 1 400mg tab of magnesium a day. I have fibromyalgia and the magnesium is suppose to help muscles. I am always stiff and sore. Drink plenty of water. Keep hydrated if the weather is hot especially. Glad your leg is better. Hugs, _NAME_... I am glad it is helping. I went running a couple days ago and I must not have hydrated properly. Anyways I am still better today with no pain even though I have a little warm sensation that comes and goes. I don’t know if this anxiety related or what."
175982132,"So like, I bought some stickers off Amazon, because I want to put them on something, and they get here, and literally the whole package they came in was empty. Amazon sent me an empty package. So, I go to get my money back, and I have to return them. How do I return something I didn't receive? Amazon's customer service is a robot now."
175982133,I would ask your pdoc on this dosage... 400 is the max dosage a day. Wellbutrin Dosage Guide - Drugs.com
175982134,spirits wont stop insulting me and telling me I'm going to die. I don't want to die. I'm going crazy here. I don't have benzos to take. I don't take benzos. I refuse benzos.
175982135,I can see myself writing books at around age ~35 It's only a matter of time that I get my **** together at around age ~25
175982136,Do U have an anti-A pill?
175982137,But first I'll read that magazine on mental health. I have to exercise my mind or else it will deteriorate. It's just hard to unwind when I dissociate. I am blind in this weird state.. Ok i stop rapping now..
175982138,I was looking at my posts here from the summer of 2017.. Wow I was messed up.. But in a good way.. I can remember just feeling soooo much emotions and empathy.. But I was psychotic..
175982139,Nice...just make sure you’ve got the strings to gCEA before you start....they lose tune quickly initially but over time you’ll tune it less frequently. Oh and the gCEA stands for giant cockroaches eat alot....you’ll never forget it lol....it can also stand for good cooks eat a lot which is a little more tame. I fell in love with this instrument after hearing _NAME_. Shimabukuro YouTube
175982140,"I know a lot about what it's like to have bipolar disorder, not only because what I've read about it and learned in the classroom at college, but also because I've had this disorder for most of my life. Welcome, _NAME_. I hope we can help you."
175982141,Okay I’m not feeling so bad today. A little more focused. I got all the work I was supposed to get done yesterday done this morning. Now working on new stuff so I can relax a bit.
175982142,Maybe something from one of your beliefs holidays or something?
175982143,I've actually been able to find some hand sanitizer again in the stores.
175982144,"I didn't like to read when I was a kid. Had no interest. When I was given a novel that I had to read, I'd read it within hours to a day even though I probably had low comprehension IQ. Then I stopped caring about math too. I won everything and nothing was a competition anymore. I became pretty nihilistic. Like extremely nihilistic. I gave no shits about life. I still find it hard to care lol That's why I always wanted and still want to sleep instead of do things. I'm a loser."
175982145,Yay it’s here! Video on snap if you can
175982146,I think I may try a therapy group (but not an IOP).
174377821,"My pdoc recommended it too, when I was 20 or 21 (2003). I have a severe dissociative disorder as well as Schizoaffective Disorder. I'm on SSDI for both disorders. And both make it impossible for me to work, right now at least. I've been in and out of the hospital basically the entire time since I was diagnosed with both disorders... It even makes it difficult to go to school. Like _AT_MENTION_, I got my SSDI the first time I tried without a lawyer. I didn't have to go to court, which is what usually has to happen. When I applied, I filled out the application on the social security website (for the US) and my pdoc and T sent in documentation to social security for my case. Documentation usually consists of a letter from the doc or T, with their opinion on why you need it, dates of treatment, diagnoses, etc... Also, dates of hospital stays and/or outpatient programs. There's more that can be sent in, and *usually* the more the better. Sometimes, that may not be the case, tho. My brain is going into t
ired shut down now, so I need to stop and post..."
175982147,"the day was going along nicely then!! My one year old grandaughter out of nowhere fell limp and lifeless sitting in her wagon outside. Everything seems like it moved in slow motion after that. her mom picked her up and screamed the most blood curdling scream for her husband. They got her breathing again but she was weak, the life support was called and they along with half the area showed up and took her to the hospital. She had a seizure caused by a fever that was a surprise as she had been fine all day playing and having a fine time. The fever stemmed from an ear infection that she never acted like she had anything going on, no tugging at her ear or even being fussy she was happy all day. I haven't been able to sleep yet and finally ate a few minutes ago. now i will try and sleep"
175982148,Yeah I think so. Seems like it. I just want to sleep and not work tomorrow. Stupid Monday. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982149,Something just don't seem right. I'm scare to go anywhere. I think I may need the hospital because I feel like running off.
175982150,"Yeah, I was still feeling separate, just a sense of loosing solidity. It's a personal experience I am looking at, not theory. But it is closer to the feeling of the movie Body Snatcher, if you saw it. In that movie, plants are morphing into people and taking their place (old myth of the doppleganger). So it is like being a doppleganger, but resisting the temptation. It's a very pedestrian one. People share the same problems, and come up with the same solutions. It might even take them the same time, overall. Plus people communicate, even though the ideas don't replicate perfectly, some core essence is kept. Its unclear how they communicate, it can be a mix of things. Let's say you have a person that has a complete theory about a problem that he sees. Some other person in another place, that does not have the exact same problem but close, takes part of it, and make up a diluted theory adapted to his situation and goals, and what he understand of the original. Then another in another place does the s
ame, and another and another. Then someone else that seeks answer to the original question, while not knowing the original solution, hears bits and pieces of all the others, see connections, and essentially remake the original solution through intuition and logic. Not exactly the same, but close. So it is not direct, but mediated ideas. I believe it happens more than people think, but it is hard to follow the actual threads, but that is what historians often try to do, with mixed results. When seen from a higher perspective though, it may look like a coincidence, if you don't see the threads or don't know them. So yeah, it is probably not what people want to hear, but it is a realist explanation."
175982151,I went home this afternoon. So glad to be at home again. Been having a smooth recovery from what I can tell. Will do a check up on December 3rd.
174377833,"Hi Caelan If they aren’t there, please don’t give them “power” by imagining it is something more. Being schizophrenic I know that is easier said than done. Our false beliefs can get the best of us. It can feed our fear."
175982152,"Oh, thanks. Hope she's all right."
175982153,"Does anyone know of a success story to get ahead of BPD? Do they ever get to a point where they ""evolve"" out of it with care and nurturing?"
175982154,I’ve always been around animals of some sort. Mainly pits. However when my mom had met my stepdad the dogs that were golden retriever and a black lab were well over 100 pounds if not like 110 at some point. I love big dogs. Only issue is if they’re hyper and if you have to pick up puke or runny poop when the dog is sick.
175982155,I used to think that when I was at work too.
175982156,"""The mechanism behind aducanumab, an anti-amyloid antibody, is different than donepezil, rivastigmine, memantine and galantamine — which are cholinesterase inhibitors or glutamate modulators and the three currently approved medications to treat patients with Alzheimer’s dementia."" ""Aducanumab is a monoclonal antibody engineered in a laboratory to stick to the amyloid molecule that forms plaques in the brains of people with Alzheimer's. Most researchers believe that the plaques form first and damage brain cells, causing tau tangles to form inside them, killing the cells."" ""A Phase Ib study was published in August 2016, based on one year of ""monthly intravenous infusions"" of aducanumab, with brain scans to measure amyloid plaques."" Cool it's exactly what scientists were looking for. I have a lot of really long vivid dreams at night.. Helps to clean up all the plaque ^-; Galantamine is over the counter I think? It potentiates dreams."
174377836,"Hi all, I'm _NAME_. My boyfriend of 5 years was an inpatient at a psych hospital for about a week and a half, the Psychiatrist diagnosed him with Major Depressive Disorder with psychotic symptoms... although Bipolar and Schizoaffective disorder run in his family. He finally came home and was ""back"" to normal again last Wednesday. We celebrated Valentines Day and it seemed like everything was going great, he was taking his medications (Wellbutrin, Abilify, Prozac in the morning-_PERSON_ at night) but then on Thursday out of the blue he texted me ""we are done"" and would not respond which is very unlike him. The day before he had mentioned that he was having suicidal thoughts and I was sure to ask him about them throughout the day and ask if he had a plan. Well Thursday after he sent that text I knew something was wrong-I had his older brother go to check on him, as he was home alone. His brother realized that my boyfriend had taken the entire bottle of his Trazadone (about 22 pills) and he was se
izing. He was in the ER and admitted as a medical patient for observation for 24 hours and is now back over at the inpatient facility. I stayed with him while he was at the hospital, and he just wasn't himself. I am a college student studying social work so this is all very difficult for me to sort through my professional and my personal brain to figure out what is going on.. The nurses said that yesterday he tried to suffocate his roommate and asked the nurse to kill him, and reported that he was hearing voices. He has been sedated and no visitors allowed for the past 2 days. I am wondering if anyone has gone through something similar or has a loved one who struggles with similar symptoms? It will be a while until the doctor can diagnose with anything other than MDD at this point because he has only been showing symptoms for a month. For reference he is 20 years old, so typically when symptoms start occurring in males. I am very very worried at the way the Facility has been handling things over the past few 
weeks and his mom and I are debating whether or not to switch him to a different facility that has different programs/therapy options than his current one offers. This is all just a lot to take in and it is hard to know if he will every come back to reality...I am worried it may be schizophrenia-does anyone have any experience with onset of symptoms or similar situations? I appreciate any responses you all feel inclined to share... Thanks."
175982157,a banana
175982158,Morning Hows everyone
175982159,I feel crazy. Excitable and all over the place. It’s so frustrating I’m trying to focus on work but all I want to do is google and chat. I need to burn off some of this crazy energy later.
175982160,Thank you everyone...I will definitely keep things updated... I’m sorry _PERSON_ for your loss
175982161,Going to order a Camelbak water bottle. It's too hot to be walking places without taking water with me. Gotta stay hydrated
175982162,It’s possible. Could be my tonsil too. Still inflamed. I’m drinking water.
175982163,Sometimes I sleep in my clothes and just change my shirt the next day.
175982164,Has he always been that way though with hoarding? That in it self is a sign of mental illness... depression and anxiety?
175982165,And this is why I don’t post pics of me....jk I’m too old anyway lol.
175982166,100 razor blades and shaving foam
175982167,There’s a really cool multiplayer game coming to switch but probably not for a long long time. 2020 or 2021. It’s called TemTem. It’s like Pokémon but it’s multiplayer and you battle your tems against live players as you walk around and adventure.
175982168,"I have restlessness from long term use of medication for schizophrenia. Try stretching exercises, standing or on the floor. I just made a post about it on health and recovery section."
175982169,"Awesome, hope you have good luck with it, just make sure to eat a meal right before you take it"
175982170,I’ll never forget that day because she was my roommate and we were all so torn. We couldn’t have lived w ourselves if anything happened. I’m sure your friend appreciates your support more than you know. Is your friend open for talking?
175982171,Thank you btw _NAME_
175982172,"I asked about two schizoids relationship because I have concerns with my current relationship. My girlfriend requires strong emotional connection. Its tiresome to constantly respond emotionally. Sometimes I become aggressive. When I am disconnected she says: Where are you? When I am aggressive its too harsh for her. I found the job I wanted, it keeps me interested and satisfies my ego. I gave physical card to her, since she does more shopping. I have another card, I can transfer money to, when I need them. And she spends all money on clothes, manicure, face masks, iphone, perfume. It irritates me that she spends everything too fast, and in the end of month she asks about new salary because she has no money left. On the other hand, I spend some money on helping people that ended up in difficult situation. They post on one site, and I transfer money on their bank card. For me its important not to lose myself, and adhere to moral. I understand that we live in physical world, and physical things are im
portant. However I can't stand the idea of wolves laws, and dont want to sacrifice moral for respect and status. What I miss in this relationship: 1. Someone with same views on moral 2. Someone who gives more understanding and personal space Schizoids are not people without motivation, who need special push from their partner to make something happen. I see it this way. What do you think about it?"
175982173,I hate to keep posting - I feel like I'm spamming the forum. But I have to work next week and I'm kinda freaking out about it. Hopefully I'll get some consolation from this IOP program I'm doing.
175982174,If you like Sci-fi I highly recommend The Rain or Zoo.
175982175,"Like me, I think you are putting up with the problem of her to live with the joy of her. And, again like me, you are living with her problems because you don't want to live by yourself. Why are you living in a separate house from her?"
175982176,"I'm doing everything I can to manage it. Drinking tea, trying to relax, aromatherapy, distractions"
175982177,"Ever have hallucinations where someone is calling your name? Happened to me yesterday when I took the dog outside. I was calling her name, and then someone was calling my name. It kept happening over and over. Then I went inside and asked my parents if they had called me. They were like, no. I don't know what was up with that. I don't get audio's very often, usually visuals. It just kind of freaked me out because I couldn't see anyone outside or anything so once I knew it wasn't my parents calling me I knew it had to be a hallucination. At least it wasn't saying anything scary, but still, just, uh unsettling."
175982178,No side effects so far
175982179,This is why you need to goto the doc to figure out what’s wrong....if they say nothing then you’re good. None of us are doctors.
174377856,Thank you getting by! I considered that. I know for me it's baby steps with medicine as I'm sure it is for many. Thank you again.
175982180,"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphantasia I'm curious if anyone here thinks they might have this? I have a very rich fantasy world in my head, so I don't think it applies to me, but I find the concept fascinating."
175982181,Same here bb. I’m always available as Of right now. No job.
175982182,"Yep! Showered, washed hair (which I do every time I shower, plus I noticed several more grey hairs) and I got dressed."
175982183,I think I’m gonna buy a cross necklace. I’ve always wanted one and it would make me feel even more connected to my faith. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982184,It’s a grounding technique
174377863,"I started my day feeling sad, but I am doing better now. It's raining and I have my slider open. The temperature is 75 F. It feels nice. The cats love the rain. They are sitting by the window. I talked with my stepmom this morning. We had a good conversation. She is the only person that talks to me. I usually call her on Sunday. My day is a good one."
175982185,Omg you totally do...I just saw you being totally supportive to desoxyn in his time of need...only a good person does that.
175982186,"Are you the kind of person who has to constantly advance to be happy or are you happy with what you have right now? I personally find that to be happy I have to have reasonably low expectations but that doesn’t really stop me from advancement. I just have minimal expectations and prefer to be pleasantly surprised if things go better than I expect. Many people however require a constant elevation in status to be happy, keeping happiness a moving target only in grasp for a short period. Which do you prefer and why? I feel like this is related to gratitude and living in the moment instead of living in either the future or the past."
175982187,"That sounds so good, I haven't had _PERSON_ in years. I love their beef and cheddar sandwiches."
175982188,"I’m trying to think what’s the cause of this as I haven’t had nightmares this often for a while. I still did sometimes like once a week but not every time I sleep like now. I don’t think I’m depressed, I’m not feeling I’m unsafe, there’s no new stress in life so I really have no idea.."
175982189,I somehow took a 3 hour nap
175982190,"BB, the pictures look great =) Desoxyn, I'm glad your dr cares about how much you gain. He sounds like a keeper!"
175982191,I felt this way the not fitting in part for the majority of my life but I feel more like the older I get I find people who appreciate the differences. Like if we were all the same how amazingly boring would that be?
175982192,"I feel like crap, just threw up"
175982193,"_NAME_, My GI issues are second to none (probably not true, but I'll say it for effect) and I feel like I'm going to get an ulcer. I've recently said, ""You can't please everyone and even if you could, you'd still have that one jerk be displeased simply out of spite."" That was a concern. If I'm paying for a place and he's staying there, I'd need to have some say and some rules. I spoke to her tonight and she just wants the opportunity to try to have another, but she doesn't know if she can. Informed her I don't think it's in the cards for me as much as I tried to make myself believe otherwise. I basically ended it this evening. She actually let me speak and didn't get angry. I don't know if she feels blindsided or what. We both stated we're unhappy. Long story short, I told her I don't see things getting any better and she asked if I wanted to end it. After pausing for what seemed like a minute, I said, ""Yes."" She said, ""OK, bye."" We were on video chat. A follow-up text read, ""If you don't wa
nt to fight for this, I'm not coming back."" I feel terrible. The relief hasn't set in yet and it's all very raw. She asked if this is what I really want. It's not that I WANT this, but I feel it has to be this way. Sadly, I said give me some time to think about it... a day, whatever. I think I wish she would have ended it. Frankly, I thought it would be mutual. Neither of us are happy. I'm realizing how short life is and all that. Thanks for all the kind words. I realize you all only see my side of it. Perhaps her perspective is different. Once I felt afraid to speak to her, that was kind of that. I talked to a few friends on the phone today about it and they agree I did the right thing. I know insurance and such is her responsibility, but I just feel for her. Divorce, attorney's fees, lack of child support, insurance, no place to call her own, her parents are struggling with their mortgage, her job stinks... and it just doesn't end. This all weighed heavily on me, too, and I'm unable to really deal. I'm rem
inded of when my GI issues started. This was coincidentally when we were together before. Trying to make all these lifestyle adjustments plus all of her stuff on top of it. Heavy. I'll be giving the Healthgrades a check now. I've got her texts on ignore for the time being. One of the friends I talked to said not to respond to anything for at least a day. I'm seeing some practices with good reviews, but the docs aren't broken down. Yes, we don't share many common interests. While I've gone into great debt for it, my collectibles bring me some joy and she was never supportive. Every time we spoke and she'd see my walls... ""Too many toys."" It wore thin. I worry about stuff like, ""Since I have to be put under, who will be my ride to endoscopy appointments when _PERSON_ is gone?"" I don't know if I'll want anyone. I just don't know. People with chronic issues feel a bit burdensome on others; at least I do. I'm also not big on myself. Nobody will ever help me like me. No one should have to. There were times when 
she was supportive and it just wasn't enough. She was understanding that I couldn't do this and I couldn't do that physically. Something as simple as lying down is challenging for me because of the reflux. Maybe she's better than I give her credit for sometimes, but she just complains so, so much. It's always going to be something. I'm sorry about your niece. I think I have family strife, too. My relatives are mostly four hours away and when I moved with my parents, that basically ended relationships with them in a natural fashion. People just drifted. Still love my aunt. I'm just torn up. Thanks for reading a few times. I'm sorry if I repeat myself, but my issues with my memory are a little concerning. Bless you, JohnPost Edited (1039smooth) : 3/2/2021 9:15:54 PM (GMT-7) 12 More On Chronic Illness 4 Mobile Apps For Healing And Mindfulness Is A Clinical Trial Right For Me?"
175982194,You need to find another coping mechanism than weed. You always feel awful the next day.
175982195,"Working on it, taking it day by day. Trying to tell myself its okay to feel what you feel but just dont let it hold you down. That's what I've been trying to do."
175982196,That's horrible.
175982197,Wow this is interesting stuff > Thought - Wikipedia
175982198,"Yes, no one texts or calls me except my sister and my best friend once in awhile so I could go without it, however my sister gets worried if I don't answer the phone for a certain amount of time and I wouldn't want her calling in a wellness check. Also, I have a fitbit flex 2 that isn't a smartwatch, it's just a band and it vibrates if I get a text or phone call, so I'm not always checking my phone"
174377889,If you're concerned best to ask your doctor
175982199,Yes took one this afternoon
175982200,"No. You’re right, yes I am."
175982201,"I have my bad times. The drug knowledge is a lifetime study. One wrong move and BOOM, *Dies*. Live on the edge like a mountain goat. Greatest of All Time goat.."
174377869,"I understand. One thought I have is: Schizophrenia is overdiagnosed and also underdiagnosed? A lot of people that are diagnosed could be helped with environmental intervention, lower antipsychotics. There should also be prevention of schizophrenia.. such as, better life ie lower stress and consideration, empathy, tough love, doing the right thing.. And also there's people that would be considered to have schizophrenia but are amazing artists and can express it well - painters, musicians.. mathematicians and nobel prize winners (_NAME_).. Idk _PERSON_ had severe OCD.. Ugh I need to stop talking. The thing with schizophrenia is that it's ""losing touch with reality"".. Reality is everything.. that's what makes schizophrenia so interesting to people. But this is just food for thought. No one here will advise each other to stop medication or anything like that.. We just want to support each other and get through tough times.. It's really sad and loving.. I think about how we all talk about things but t
he reason we're here is mental illness.. We're so strong.. Even if this is a conspiracy - There's no proof - And you look at all of those conspiracy people.. I know Newtus said that they're suffering - Even if people think that they're crazy.. Some conspiracies are true. It's just the human condition. It's life. So really I am just here to talk and share my suffering, give hugs.. We're all here for that. It's tragic but we can overcome it and that is heartwarming. Part of the illness is to not believe you have it.. Some people accept it, then they don't, then they do again.. Some are misdiagnosed.. That's reality. Patterns is all we see.. Sometimes the wrong pattern gets in our brains. There's no right or wrong subjectively in TIME.. which is constant.. Life is about love, experience, joy, pain, hate, everything. Life is everything to everyone.. People want to die because they want change - If they reincarnated, they wouldn't remember.. I just need to cry and have a mental breakdown. We all do sometimes. And 
people judge. People say ""You're crazy"". And I think about my moms coke addict friend.. Her brain is fried from coke.. But everyone has their story. We all try to be better people and treat each other the way we want to be treated.. Some don't - They were treated badly.. Karma. I try to go all out with everything.. I try to feel, explain, have deep thoughts, love, try not to hate or do the right thing. But it's hard with anhedonia. Having that really bad before just makes me want to do what I couldn't do, - EXTRA and more. I'm bleeding for life so much that I'm going crazy. _USER_ID_: All of this is because I'm claustrophobic, sick of staying in my room and need a bigger house, area where I can go, friends, place to sit and relax. Reality right now is making me stressed. Coronavirus wouldn't be on my mind if I had change in my life - Which is stupid to say cuz ""You have to make from what you have"" so gratitude? I'll try that again... That's the whole reason I was looking up those gratitude lists and wanti
ng to make my own.. There's so much **** on my mind and I'm just living.. I'm living, breathing, thinking.. And all the stuff I'm connecting in patterns, trying to be happy, solve problems.. It's just hell sometimes I think.. But also a blessing."
175982202,"Thanks. It doesn't have to be 10 pages but I'd really like to know about solipsism, burn out (Exhaustion) or nihilism. Maybe all three idk. Abuse.. confusion.. social alienation, idk I'm sorry I cant type"
175982203,"My take on it: The process of learning anything or carrying out anything that could be seen as ""a project"" (which I guess is roughly synonymous with ""purposeful activity"") is, sooner or later, tedious / costly / time-consuming. In other words, it takes resources. Liking the idea of something isn't the same as liking what it entails in reality. People overcome that by being socially-motivated. They may not be consciously thinking about it, but they want to gain approval and attention, and they feel good when they receive it. That makes the process itself rewarding to some extent. If it's rewarding enough, it becomes self-sustaining. This gives people direction (not necessarily good direction, but that's another story...). Now if you don't get anything out of social approval/attention, and you're always stretched thin because you can't stand dealing with the things/people you need to deal with in your life, then you don't have any clear reason or motivation to spend what's left of your resources 
(time / money / patience) on any given nonessential thing. Even if you feel like you ""need"" to be doing something interesting, and you actually do find this and that and that other thing interesting, you don't actually need to be doing any given interesting thing in particular. So as soon as it becomes tedious / costly / time-consuming (as it inevitably will), you just drop it. It doesn't take long for you to associate even the idea of starting a personal project with inevitable frustration, because in all likelihood it's what actually awaits you anyway. I think there are realistic (even if tricky) ways to address it, and the ""right"" way to do it depends on several case-by-case things, but the favored approach usually seems to be either ""toughen up!"" or ""just learn to enjoy the ride"", both of which amount to wishful thinking, and only reinforce the problem."
175982204,"Cuz half of it is stuff I need and then half I want. I swear must be 15 things today. But like I got a new bra...been needing one, plain socks, Vape coils, and some other stuff I need. And, but then the cat teepee and accessories for the quest."
174377888,"My schizophrenia, and paranoia... jesus f'n Christ. I'm so sick of it. It further alienates me, but also makes me cautious, but should I be cautious when I think I should be cautious? and round and round we go. I'm so sick of it. 2 events and I make a confirmation bias, or is it? Now it's a pattern but now a good one, yet the date does make it weird that it would happen now like it did last time, was last time just a joke or coincidence?"
175982205,Still have this cough. Guess I'll start using the rest of the leftover benzonatate from last month and if it still doesn't get better then ask for a refill
175982206,"Sweetheart... I can feel every word you wrote.... do you have someone to talk to? A trusted close friend? Your mother? U have to confide in them about your state of mind, your depressed mood. It won’t help u being in college while depressed. You cannot Learn, explore, evolve, you cannot do anything in depression. I really hope you have a trusted professional also. Please reach out to you guidance counselor in college. I know they have good ppl there, find out who you need to talk to to get help. They can help you. Please, you are not alone. So many ppl struggle with this! I might be twice your age, two kids, difficult marriage, but here I am, feeling very lonely... bc no one understands. Depression and anxiety. Running from one doc to another, ultimately knowing I have to change my life circumstances...... You might have to do the same but please reach out to a professional at your college. They will help you dig deeper. Are you on meds? There is a test you can do GENESIGHT to determine which ant
idepressant corresponds best with your dna.... try it. Please reach out to your health department you are young. You deserve to live your life to the fullest you have so much ahead of you!! All the best! Please reach out any time. I am here. Keep me posted. You are not alone.... _NAME_"
175982207,"I think one of them is tapatalk VIP Ie paid, not sure about the other..."
175982208,Pizza for lunch! Yay!
175982209,Good luck!
175982210,"We had to do it in some of the psych classes and human services classes I took, they were done on paper and sent off somewhere to be evaluated they said, I don't know much about it , but we got results sent back to us"
175982211,I’m literally so close to asking my mom to buy me ramen. Or some food. But I will not.
175982212,Never mind I give up
175982213,- clean clothes - laundry - plenty of liquid - fruit salad for breakfast - no snacks (so should eat all my evening meal)
175982214,"You have always been very kind to me, very generous & thoughtful. It makes me feel sad to hear this. I hope so very much that the world starts to pay you back for being the way you are, a very caring & beneficial soul. Thank you so very much for being you!!!"
175982215,I have many thoughts that come and go. Like and they aren’t in my own voice but idk how to explain They are in different voices but they come and go like thoughts. Idk how to explain. Lots of internal dialogue in my head.
175982216,Im sorry but without valid cited sources this just doesnt ring true.
175982217,For me it's like they're all connected. One piece exists because of the other and one doesnt because of the other.. then the meanings to come together for the label to explain them.. I just.. dont have time to think about it.. I'm lazy or something.. or I dont want these things to drive me nuts.. I want to be authentic as 100% possible and not have people believe lies about me in their head even without me knowing.. It's like I need reality to be perfect and make total sense.
175982218,"Wish Canada was giving out cheques to everyone. $2,000 would help pay off some bills."
175982219,"Super loud here now, finally"
175982220,Can you talk to your treatment team about ideas? apply in other counties other areas. I know moving away isn't ideal but there are some places with short wait lists.
175982221,"I’ve decided to get even healthier. I’ve redownloaded Noom cuz it uses CBT for weight loss and I’m gonna see about getting it cheaper. There’s a way to do it on the app. I’ve downloaded Sanvello which is the most popular therapy app and got a 4.9/5, better than talkspace and betterhelp. They offer therapy but also coaching and community spaces. I may go for coaching for my health and wellness. I’ve also downloaded a social/community sobriety app called I Am Sober to help stop vaping. It has a lot of tools including a clock to see how long u been sober for whatever thing u use. And a withdrawal timeline. Just lots of stuff. Plus _NAME_ research about getting low cost or free stop smoking aids since they are so incredibly expensive. And I’m gonna document my journey though the having-a-baby journey on my insta. Talked to Door2015 and she knocked a bit of sense in me regarding health and helped me with what to do/research."
175982222,Lol yep it’s like being hungry.
175982223,"Yeah I've seen Wall-E, saw it in the theaters when it came out and have it on DVD, it's the best! I'll check out moana and bolt."
175982224,"I'm a little bit of what's called an Obsessive Compulsive Checker. I'm not afraid of germs. Instead I check things a little bit more than most people do. For example, I often check to see if the headlights of my car are off several times after I've turned my car off. However, I just have a mild form of OCD Checking. It's not something that disrupts my life. For me, it's just a minor inconvenience."
175982225,"That's weird, sorry she's bothering you newtus"
175982226,"I would do a lot of fun things if I live at a place like yours and I know you would do a lot of fun things if you live in a big city like I do, we should switch place!"
174377932,"Good morning. Took clozapine at 6am with cogentin, woke up 10am anxious. Feeling ok now."
175982228,https://themycare.com/gabapentin-for-anxiety/
175982229,I had a terrible day
175982230,"Thank you so much for your advice and supportive words and thoughts. My psychiatrist offered up some helpful tools to combat the overwhelming anxiety that sets in the moment that I start to think about the changes that are coming. Don't get me wrong. I am ready, willing, and able to get back out there ... I think. And right there is an example of the last hurdle. I will get there. I know it."
175982231,"Your boyfriend sounds like he lacks compassion at best, and is verbally abusive at worst. Putting you down helps to keep you depressed - maybe he is afraid if you got over being depressed you would leave him. You've certainly accomplished having and caring for a child, which is one of the most important things in life. Learning to drive is something that freaks lots of people out, *especially* if the person teaching them freaks out constantly, or when learning as an adult (it's easier to learn to drive at 16 than at 25). I know this because I live in NYC and know many people who are very nervous drivers because they learned to drive later in life and also did not get very much experience on the road since most of us don't have cars. It is not your fault that you experienced anxiety over learning to drive. It takes practice, a lot of practice, with a caring and calm teacher. I'm sorry you're depressed and I would recommend getting counseling. Individual and possibly couples therapy to see if your bo
yfriend can become someone who helps you rather than puts you down. If he keeps putting you down that is verbal abuse and it still counts as abuse. If you find a good therapist it will help your daughter as well, because it will be better for her to have a mom who is getting some support and improving your self-esteem. Most people respond to abuse/lack of compassion in their partners by becoming depressed, especially if they feel trapped in the relationship for whatever reason (financial/emotional attachment etc). You are a good person and deserve better! Please talk to yourself in a loving way, the way that I am sure you talk to your daughter."
175982232,I hate that my psychiatrist appointments now are not so subtle “but do you need meds” lines of questioning now that I’m off the benzos. Somehow this is an issue now even though I haven’t taken antipsychotics in far longer? What the **** ... **** off lady. Seriously. I set up my next appointment for a few months later. I’m not dealing with this once a month.
175982233,"I think my wife and I are afraid to admit that we’re aren’t happy. We also have two teenage girls. We were separated. And my girls know that I’ve been unfaithful to my wife. This was several years ago and my 14 year old, won’t forgive me. My wife is disabled and has been unable to work for almost the last 8-9 years. Everything seems to be tearing us apart. I’m not happy, but I’d feel guilty if I left her now. She isn’t so disabled that she can’t physically take care of herself, but I would still feel guilty. Idk what to do anymore. I don’t have any friends that I can talk to."
175982234,I'm getting sleepy.
175982235,"No, I lived in an area for a long time where there were lots of tornados though. A tornado this past spring destroyed the apartments I lived in a couple years ago there (I moved back to my home state almost 4 years ago) . Glad I wasn't living there anymore. They're fascinating but scary as hell too."
175982236,Thank you _NAME_
175982237,I thought that was a sloth
175982238,"Honestly, because I regretted typing it. My mom is going through a lot recently, as is most of the world, but I felt bad for typing it."
175982239,"I'm debating asking my doctor about getting off one of my meds. It works, but I'm trying to lose more weight and get back down to a normal weight"
175982240,showered Mostly clean clothes cereal for breakfast and toast perfume took care of kitties and my Mom's dog
175982241,Thank you _PERSON_ for the hugs!
175982242,Maybe sometime I’ll save up for a better TV and a gaming chair to make gaming on my Xbox a better experience
175982243,"I was doing well for awhile but a couple months ago something shifted. I feel like my emotions have been all over the place. Been fighting with my mom a lot lately because of it. I just feel really unstable and it’s affecting relationships and just about everything I do. Hoping my doctor and I can decide on a new medicine to try when I have my visit. My brother is over seas and I’ve been missing him a lot lately too. We are really close, barely being able to talk has been hard. I used to talk to him about everything now I kinda feel like I have no one. I know I have support from family and friends if I were to reach but somehow I still feel so alone? Sometimes I dread waking up the next day because I don’t know what that day brings. If I’m going to have to fight mentally to drag myself out of bed and put on a smile for everyone that day. It all can be so exhausting. I try to tell myself to take one day at a time but when the next day is just as much a struggle as the last it can be difficul
t."
175982244,I'm feeling better today too. Just watching TV and doing some studying. Trying to focus.
175982245,"Maybe, I don’t know for sure though cause it’s only day 3"
175982246,"That's what I'm doing. Thank you. The gum is helping. When I need nicotine I feel a hunger feeling. When I chew the gum, I feel a full feeling and satisfied."
175982247,"Thanks _PERSON_, I don’t think I need to call my T or Pdoc or anything like that. I just feel this way, I’m not going to do anything/act on the urges. Just trying to figure out a way to get through the evening/night"
175982248,I feel anhedonia so I'm drinking alcohol
175982249,I took a shower yesterday afternoon but not today. Maybe this afternoon or evening. I have to be up early to be at the Church tomorrow for the food distribution.
175982250,Rpgs will always be the best.....
175982251,Morning How is everyone?
175982252,Yes I've been taking them even though I didn't/don't want to
175982253,"Hey _PERSON_, if you are reading this, you are missed. Haven't seen you around in a while. _PERSON_"
174377948,Thank you for your reply. I'm on a very low dose of Abilify. 1mg. I take it a night and can't really tell if it's doing anything but I haven't had a real side effects so far so i'll stick with it for awhile. My psychiatrist was the one who did the proper assessment on my first visit with him years ago and got the bi polar dx which I don't dispute. Even though I suffered more with depressive symptoms historically I knew at some point the I might be bi polar due to irritability and bad moods. Also racy thoughts etc. It turns out the brain chemistry can change with time which is why I responded poorly to the antidepressants alone that used to help me in the past. I asked my relatives about bi polar history and discussed my father but no one knew anything about it other than he's an alcoholic in which case my psychiatrist suspects it but can't be sure. He's one of 9 children and the only one with a problem. Overall I'm doing better than I was before treatment but time will tell and I have a little ways 
to go. As for you story. I know sometimes it's hard to tell if the meds are the problem or if it's the condition. I would like to think that If youve been on the meds long enough and then got off them that would say alot about what's going on. Thank you for your reply and be well.
175982254,Morning Another night of crying myself to sleep
175982255,Well...I went to CVS and now I’m on the couch. Guess I’m working 2nd shift today. I’m soooo tired.
175982256,Possibly? Idk I get sucked in to Pc.
175982257,Showered!!! I feel great.
175982258,.
175982259,My tongue feels bigger than normal
175982260,"I brought my coffee maker home. I just have to get a new carafe for it. I forgot that one of the libraries in town doesn't open on Sundays and the other one doesn't open till 1pm on sundays so I just returned some DVDs in their drop box. I'll go again tomorrow when they're open so I can check some stuff out. Only other thing I need to do today is go to Family Dollar, which I'll be doing soon. It snowed last night, so there's a thin layer of powdered snow covering thick ice. I slipped and almost fell a few times but didn't thankfully. I'm going to start going to church again, there's a place closer to my new apartment that I want to go. I've been there before, it's a nice _NAME_ catholic church, I actually like it better than the one that I went through RCIA/was baptized/first communion in. It's smaller and a bit more welcoming feeling, and the priest there is great."
175982261,"Went for a really nice hike. It was like 0 degrees but nice, sunny.. blue skies. I felt sad this morning so I took 3g phenibut and now I'm happy again. I need to stop taking it. Cuz I should just accept how I'm currently feeling.. But I want to be happy for other people otherwise they ask me what is wrong with me and either feel sorry for me or get mad etc.. Idk what I'm gonna do now.. Probably listen to a podcast or watch netflix idk... I want meth.."
175982262,"I actually had a similar concern last night. I ended up taking mine, but I understand what you're feeling."
175982263,Atreyu on shuffle
175982264,"It's a bit before my time, but didn't _NAME_ have a good construction job?"
175982266,A question I have struggled to find an answer to for a while now. If you manage to find anything out there please do post an update and I will do the same if I come across anything valid. So far the closest I have found that could be helpful has been coda.org but they identify as dealing solely with co-dependency. At this point I think there will be better luck finding support groups dealing with individual symptoms then being able to find one that covers BPD as a whole.
175982267,"I hope you feel better soon Angels. I agree with the meditation, it really helps a lot. It is calming. Mindfulness helps a lot too. They both just need practice. Look into both when you can... Hang in there Angels... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175982268,Nice what is your novel about?
175982269,"Yes it is important to remember that not wanting what others want does not equate with failure. I reckon anyone can be materialistically successful if that is their primary motive in life. Acknowledging one does not have material wealth as a strong motivating factor is a crucial point when trying to analyse 'where the F did I go wrong'. Same. My fantasies of being a great artist, actress, inventor, wimbledon champion all ended swiftly with the conclusion it wouldn't be worth it. Apart from the sacrifice and discipline entailed, being subjected to public scrutiny and the lack of privacy fame brings with it, is realistically not something I could tolerate. Same in most countries. Yet so many people persist in continuing to follow that same dream that is almost financially unattainable now, and to the detriment of mental health, physical health and quality of life."
175982270,"I did the yoga and now my body feels all awake and my mind is definitely clearer. I still feel a little groggy, but not nearly as bad."
175982271,"yeah, thankfully my case manager can take me tomorrow though. Hope work goes well today for you"
175982272,"I can't wait until I feel like I'm full of life again. Even when I'm depressed, I'm comfortable around people. Right now I can't shake off the nonsense that people say to me. I'm 23.. building my character.. people need to give me a break. Everyone around me in real life and here are supportive and great. I don't know why I let small things get to me and replay them in my head. I'm just stressed because I'm not sleeping much anymore. I know I'm a good person and won't be a serial killer. He knew my mom has cancer but called her a *****. But I can't let ****** people get to me."
175982273,Nice 18 hour sleep. Very entertained by my dreams. The coffee is gonna kick in and hopefully get rid of my brain fog. Day 7 without a benzo..
175982274,Job's book.
175982275,Awesome!
175982276,"Self Analysis by _NAME_. The book, A Beautiful Mind, sure is a lot different from the movie"
175982277,"I would give it some time but if it is really annoying, talk to the doc. I tried Lexapro and it worked rather quickly as other antidepressants I have tried took six to eight weeks to reach full potential. I would say if you aren't feeling bad, it is working. Get into your tool box of coping skills and see how that goes. I wish you the best... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175982278,My boss said I could have the 25th off! Yippie!
175982279,I got 3 calls today. Important calls. 1. My medication 2. My mri 3. Counseling appt
175982280,"I am not bipolar, but I am as depressed as I have ever been, despite taking Effexor and being in therapy. I am a mentally young 80 year old and have always been creatively active. Now, thanks to COVID-19 and quarantine, I feel unconnected, uninspired, and unmotivated to do anything but sleep. So we are on the same page. Even though I live with my daughter and her family (who are wonderful to me) they are not enough. I need peer connections. This is the only site I have found that might help with that, and yours is the only post with which I totally identified. I hope that you respond. _NAME_"
175982281,"I feel like every time I read or do spiritual stuff on YouTube or wherever, I just start getting all in my head and I cannot escape from negative thoughts. I don't know why this is..."
175982282,"Hi there, how old are you and what have you tried so far to help you cope with your symptoms?"
175982283,"Thanks, Sometimes."
175982284,Haven't had a panic attack for 2 days now
175982285,Crawling by Linkin Park
175982286,"I have done therapy a few times. But all the digging up of past experiences caused so much more pain it caused me to stop. I actually began calling counselors this morning to begin again. I’m am aware of the root of my phobia of the heart. It began with my first anxiety attack. 14 years ago. I thought I was having a heart attack. (Like most people). It then turned into social anxiety and agoraphobia. THE FEAR OF FEAR. Anything that caused me to become anxious immediately sent me into horrific panic attacks which in turn caused me to think I was having a heart attack. So the fear has always been there. BUT THE ROOT THESE DAYS, came from having my daughter. 4 years ago. I had an amazing pregnancy. No blood pressure issues. Nothing. But as I was induced, this fear of actually having a child set in. Reality set in. My blood pressure sky rocketed to stoke/ heart attack level. I’ve always had a fear of dying giving birth, because my mom almost died having me. After my daughter was birthed, my blood p
ressure levels and hormone levels were out of Wack. I almost had heart attacks and strokes due to the high blood pressure attacks. I was in and out of the hospital. And add anxiety attacks to the mixture. It was a longggggg first year. Things settled down and I was back to normal. But I began having PTSD attacks due to the traumatic events during childbirth. And on top of all that, this year has literally been hell on wheels. Everyday stress, relationship issues, the pandemic, my daughter is turning 4. I’m very emotionally and physically hyperventilate. I’ve been through so much in my short life. (I’m 28). But I do know in order to heal from this I must desensitize every trigger until there is none left. I’m actually very aware of everything lol. It’s a curse and a blessing. Sorry for the rant. I just wanted to give insight."
175982287,"Chocolate tart Attached Images IMG_2824.jpg (245.7 KB, 11 views)"
175982288,Why am I not surprised that you are an INFJ at all? It makes way too much sense.
175982289,"Morning! Finished working for the morning. It’s cold, dark, and dreary...perfect day for Netflix, blanket, dogs, and relaxation. Maybe a nap too if I’m lucky. My chest is feeling much better and my right side is no longer swollen. Happy about that."
175982290,"MOST IMPORTANT QUESTIONS! – Cyber-Torture FAKE NEWS AND SCANDAL by _NAME_, _NAME_ and _NAME_ Bibliography: Cabanes, J., _NAME_, C.W. & Ong, J.C. (2019). In _PERSON_ & _PERSON_, S. (eds). The Routledge Companion to Media and Scandal. London: Routledge. Introduction Can we draw a connection between the academic literature of political scandal and the recent explosion of interest in the use, dissemination, and impact of “fake news” in the public sphere since 2016? As one of us has argued (_PERSON_ and _NAME_ 2017), it is increasingly important to integrate new-fangled intellectual concepts like fake news with more venerable theories and understanding from classic media sociology. In this chapter we attempt such an integration. In the first section we argue that there are four ways we both understand and misunderstand fake news as a research concept. This includes seeing fake news as text rather than visual content; as either “true” or “false” information rather than as facts embedded wit
hin narratives; as surface level content rather than being produced within institutional processes; and from a “Western-centric” lens rather than from a comparative context. As we will argue in our conclusion, these foci make connecting empirical work on fake news to larger media theories of visibility and surveillance more difficult. In particular, they make it harder to connect questions of fake news to sociologies of scandal and the public sphere. In the second section, we attempt to address each of these critiques by outlining elements of our research on fake news production in the Philippines, which was selected insofar as it provides a non-European case of a phenomenon the discussion of which is usually confined to the industrialized West and which serves as a launching pad for engaging in larger _NAME_-theoretical reflection at the conclusion of the chapter. In this research, we looked into the belly of the beast, conducting interviews and doing participant observation with the so-called “politic
al trolls” in order to grasp the dynamics of the country’s hierarchical but networked architecture of disinformation. We paid particular attention to how the creative labor within this architecture gave rise to visual images that carried particular narrative and aesthetic components, which aimed to reinforce the public's feelings of anger and resentment and harness the infectious zeal of political supporters. In the third and final section, the chapter returns to the initial conversation about the media and scandal and discusses how these different frameworks for considering fake news shed light on the relationship between scandal and the media. One final note before we move into the heart of this chapter. There is growing and justified resistance in academia to using the term “fake news” to describe content that deliberately uses the tools and distribution mechanisms of journalism to promote demonstrably false narratives. _PERSON_ (2017) has convincingly argued that the use of the term collapses mult
iple distinct types of misinformation (some malicious, some benign) into a single category called “fake news.” Others (_PERSON_ et. al. 2018) have categorized the diverse and often divergent definitions of fake news that have been deployed in the scholarly literature. Still others contend that the use of “fake news” by the U.S. President _NAME_ has transformed the concept into an utterly vacuous one, a concept often used to criticize legitimate accountability journalism and one increasingly deployed by authoritarian leaders of all stripes. We agree in principle with all these criticisms. And yet, in this chapter, we continue to use the term “fake news.” Our decision here is primarily one of authorial strategy. In essence, it is entirely possible to spend thousands of words arguing about the proper definition of “fake news” and spend very little time conducting empirical work about the phenomenon, or thinking more deeply about the ways it has been used in research to date. To avoid definitional 
parsing, we deploy the term “fake news” here while agreeing entirely with the criticism that its use is problematic. At the very least, accepting the common usage of the term “fake news” allows us to turn more quickly to some of the ways it has been used, and misused, and under-used in academic research so far. Thinking about fake news in terms of intellectual misunderstandings or oversights allows us also to connect it with larger theories of scandal, media, and the public sphere. Four misunderstandings of fake news We argue that there are four ways to understand and misunderstand fake news as a research concept. First, we often think of fake news as words on a page rather than images or other forms of visual content. Second, we often become intellectually trapped between trying to distinguish between journalism as “true” or “false” information, when it might be more productive to think of journalism as facts embedded within narratives. Third, we often think about the content of fake news its
elf—what it says and what it does to the public—rather than considering the institutional processes by which fake news is produced. Finally, we often fail to consider fake news in a comparative context, which has the added advantage of promoting a highly “Western-centric” notion of the idea of fake news. Emotional, aesthetic and visual aspects of fake news In recent years, experts in the United Kingdom, Europe, and the United States seem increasingly mystified by the decisions made by voters—decisions that appear to upend expectations about what are the “best” possible political actions, or at least the most rational ones. While not put quite this straightforwardly, journalistic and scholarly explanations for these so-called “irrational political choices” have gone something like this: building on a variety of digital affordances, the information environment that is powering the political public sphere in the West has become overwhelmed by a variety of propagandistic, divisive, and emotional
ly resonant (but factually untrue) forms of information. The presence of this (mis)information led to particular political outcomes, outcomes in part attributable to the impact of media on individual voters. In the most common version of this story, Facebook (and, to a lesser degree, Twitter) allowed a series of propagandistic and untrue pieces of information to flood its systems and lead people to make the “wrong choice” when the time came to vote for a president or make a choice in a national referendum. More legacy newspapers and media outlets, particularly in the United Kingdom, have also come under fire for “playing the fear card” when it comes to their coverage of important issues. Bundled into this story are a particular (and interrelated) set of assumptions about the nature of politics, the affordances of digital media, and the manner in which information affects human behavior. There are three problems with these assumptions. First, they rely on a set of theories about what the media “does
 to audiences that have been widely debunked in the communications literature. Second, they have a narrow understanding of “the media” that sees that media as made up of relatively unitary pieces of informational content. This understanding ignores the aesthetic content of the media, and indeed relegates the entire concept of visual news media to a second-tier status. Both these problems create a third, which is that we too often talk about the relationship between media and politics in narrow, overly social scientific terms, ignoring the range of other intellectual perspectives that could be brought to bear on these relationships. We have noted that one major perspective missing from the conversation about fake news has been a visual aesthetic perspective, one that draws more on concepts from art history and art appreciation than it does from social science or even from media studies. The major work on the role of visual content in contributing to the fake news phenomenon (e.g. Guy 2017) has largely be
en exploratory in nature; beyond that, it has largely adopted a behavioralist perspective on fake news, looking at what images “do” to the public and how to identify them as being either fake or true. This, however, is not the only way to think about visuals in journalism. In just the last few years visual communication scholars and social semioticians have become more broadly interested in the aesthetics of news media, specifically with regards to the relationship between imagery, graphics, layout, and writing in a digital context. In particular, _NAME_, _NAME_, and _PERSON_ have offered compelling social semiotic analyses of key visual and multimodal news media genres like, for example, online news galleries, newsbites, and news opening sequences. There is no reason why these perspectives could not be brought to bear on the question of fake news. Truth, lies and narratives While media and communications scholars have looked primarily at news as information and have built compelling arguments about the p
oisoning of the public well by fake news, a few sociologists have devoted themselves to understanding the cultural, emotional, and narratival roots of the current “crisis in public communication” (_PERSON_ and _PERSON_ 1995). _NAME_s work on the “deep story” in Strangers in Their Own Land—the way that the story Tea Party activists in Louisiana told themselves about the current state of American political and economic life influenced their political choices—has been central to this conversation. For _PERSON_ (2016), the roots of the populist upsurge in politics do not lie in economic distress as much as they lie in a story about economic distress. Conservatives in the United States imagine social life as a line, at the end of which is something called the “American Dream.” Not only has this line slowed to a crawl, in the minds of these _PERSON_ supporters, but a variety of minority groups and immigrants have been cutting to the front of the line, aided and abetted by corrupt and swindling polit
icians. What lies at the root of populism, for _PERSON_, is not the deployment of incorrect facts but rather the construction of particular mediated narratives. In terms more familiar to scholars of communication, journalism, and media studies, journalism and news—whether fake or truthful—play a ritualistic role in constructing the everyday lives of citizens, and not simply an informational role. News, in _NAME_ terms, can be seen as a dramaturgical exercise. ""What is arrayed before the reader is not pure information but a portrayal of the contending forces in the world,"" _NAME_ wrote in 1985. ""Moreover, as readers make their way through the paper, they engage in a continual shift of roles or of dramatic focus."" Fake news, it can be argued, helps establish these terms of dramatic reference and a vision of the world in which contending forces of good and evil populate a world of conflict, treachery, scandal, and betrayal. While such a ritualistic perspective does not dispense with the difference betwee
n “facts” and “lies,” it de-emphasizes the importance of truth as the sole vector along which we ought to analyze fake news and digital propaganda. Fake news as content, fake news as production Little attention, finally, has been devoted to the means by which fake news is actually made and by which it operates as a form of cultural labor. For instance, a timely BuzzFeed analysis in early November 2016 (Silverman 2016) determined that “fake news” on Facebook generated significantly larger amounts of audience engagement than the top stories of the 19 most popular traditional news organizations combined. The Computational Propaganda Project at the Oxford Internet Institute, which actually began well before the 2016 election, has generated studies about a wide variety of disinformation campaigns in cross-national contexts, beginning with the analysis of “Brexit Bots” on Twitter and later expanding the analysis to include bot activity and propaganda on Facebook, Wikipedia, and elsewhere. These stud
ies are incredibly valuable as well as being methodologically sophisticated; they demonstrate the degree to which misinformation and outright propaganda have colonized the journalistic space and hypothesize a causal connection between the irrationality of our current political discourse and the actions of malevolent information actors (e.g., _NAME_ 2017; Wooley & Guilbeault 2017). A related 2016 American election study, carried out by the Berkman-Klein Center at Harvard University, looks at the interactions between hundreds of media outlets and the patterns of information circulation that dominated election coverage. The study concludes that, while centrist/liberal media in the United States are now virtually synonymous with legacy media outlets like the New York Times, the Washington Post, and CNN, conservative media space is dominated by a variety of dubious quasi-journalistic actors, particularly Breitbart News. Much like the work on computational propaganda, however, the Berkman study looks at surface-lev
el media interactions and conceives of “news content” as primarily “information” (_NAME_ et. al 2017). More than that, all these studies examine the work that this content does in the world, and the way it affects citizens. Survey-based approaches may also tend to flatten out differences when they draw false equivalences among disinformation actors and content as they manifest in diverse cultural contexts (e.g., _NAME_ 2017) while technology-centric approaches may fetishize new technologies and overstate their social effects without situating these within broader media environments and historical campaign infrastructures (e.g., Woolley & Guilbeault 2017). Digital disinformation in the Philippines To demonstrate concretely how these under-explored aspects of fake news might be analyzed as part of a larger analysis of the relationship between fake news and scandal, this section deploys them in discussing the study that two of us carried out on the production of digital disinformation in the Philippines 
(_PERSON_ and _PERSON_ 2018). This research was conducted from December 2016 to December 2017, in the aftermath of the campaigns for the May 2016 Philippine national elections, which saw the intensification of online political vitriol and toxicity and the rise of controversial politician _NAME_ to the country’s presidency. To shed light on the worrisome dynamics of digital disinformation in the campaigns and in the early days of the _PERSON_ regime, we conducted in-depth interviews with 20 of those we refer to as disinformation architects who did “political trolling” and produced “fake news” for politicians across the Philippines’ political spectrum and at both the national and local levels. This included six chief disinformation architects who were elite advertising and PR strategists managing digital disinformation campaigns, five anonymous digital influencers who were aspirational middle-class digital workers operating anonymous accounts that commanded followers of 50,000 and above on Facebook 
and Twitter, and nine community-level fake account operators who were precarious middle-class digital workers sharing and amplifying core campaign messages in the online communities and Facebook groups they had infiltrated. To supplement these interviews, we also conducted participant observations of over 20 publicly accessible Facebook groups and pages and Twitter accounts supporting various political camps—including those that were explicitly pro- and _PERSON_—as well as those that had no explicit representation of candidates or political parties, but who claimed to curate “social media news.” Disinformation as a visual One innovation we proposed for how to conceptualize fake news in research better was for us to approach it not just as a text but also as a visual. Indeed, looking at the visual elements of the materials produced by disinformation architects in the Philippines reveals one of the strategies that underpin their campaigns. Here we refer to the need to translate the technical language of 
campaign objectives into social media posts that are imbued with authenticity. To do this, the disinformation architects include visuals that weaponize popular vernaculars, or the aesthetic and semiotic resources that predominate and circulate in Filipino popular culture. This kind of digital disinformation production builds on the existing logics and process of political marketing that is premised on the recognition that ordinary citizens have the agency and ability to interpret or even reject persuasive marketing messages handed down from above by political elites (_PERSON_ 2014). As such, it aims to establish a reciprocal relationship between brands and publics that takes seriously their interests, needs, and emotional responses. A crucial part of this relationship is establishing a strong connection with people’s “emotional literacies” (Corner and _PERSON_ 2003) or “affective intelligences” (_NAME_ 2005). These are specific rationalities that guide their engagement with the political sphere that 
stem from personal experiences and cultural narratives they know and, crucially, feel. A concrete example of how disinformation producers tried to imbue visuals with an aesthetic of authenticity can be seen in memes deployed for digital black ops, a technique used to attack the character of opposing politicians. Take for instance this misogynistic meme that sought to undermine the credibility of _PERSON_, who is currently an assistant secretary in the Presidential Communications Operations Office. _PERSON_ is a favorite target of _PERSON_ campaigns because she has been one of the most visible and most vocal _PERSON_ key opinion leaders online. This particular meme amplified other similar digital disinformation materials that aimed to continually dredge up _PERSON_’s past career as a controversy-seeking sexy star. It shamed her by harping on about conservative Filipino tropes about womanhood by showing provocative images of her and insinuating that she is not “disente” (decent) and so should not be belie
ved. Key to establishing authenticity in this “_PERSON_ meme” was its deliberately amateurish aesthetics. To deflect the fact that this meme comes out of a professionalized disinformation production architecture, it consisted of photographs that were awkwardly cropped, had text fonts with an odd color scheme, and an overall layout that decidedly did not adhere to the rule of thirds. Also important for the meme’s authenticity was the use of images that sought to resonate with the broad public, as they were drawn from popular tropes in Philippine entertainment media. The photograph to its left was of the television and young film superstar _NAME_, who is posited to embody the qualities of the supporters of _PERSON_’s rival presidential candidate _PERSON_. What this image referenced in particular was how _NAME_ was a wildly popular young celebrity who was acutely aware of how she should act in public because, as she put it, “we have to do our best to become good role models for the youth” (_PERSON_ 2
018). In stark contrast was _PERSON_s photograph to the meme’s right, whose indecency is said to capture key qualities of _PERSON_’s supporters. This image connected especially well with the accusations that in bringing her controversial sexy star persona to her new government job, _PERSON_ was trading in so-called political porn—“the immersion in obscenity, the choreographed assault on the real in favor of the fantasy, [and] the repeated appeal to the prurient” (_PERSON_ 2018)—and consequently irresponsibly debasing the quality of public discussion. Approaching disinformation materials as a visual is clearly helpful in unpacking how disinformation architects can weaponize aesthetic and semiotic resources. The case of the “Mocha meme,” for instance, crystallized the deployment of authenticity through the popular vernaculars of amateur design and Philippine entertainment media tropes. At the same time, however, the analysis above also points to another dynamic at play. That is, disinformation m
aterials cannot be understood in isolation. The “Mocha meme” was certainly embedded within broader narratives of social drama, such as the value of amateur voices over professional voices in the digital public sphere or of decency over indecency for women in the public eye. Disinformation and narratives Building on from the point above, we now want to evidence the value of approaching fake news not just as clear-cut “truth” and “lies,” as assertions of facts embedded within social narratives. For this we will mention one of the most notorious digital disinformation campaigns in the aftermath of President _PERSON_’s victory. Known as the “Ilibing Na” (which roughly translates as “Allow the Burial”) campaign, this was the highly organized push for historical revisionism to sanitize the brutal dictatorship of former President _NAME_ and, consequently, pave the way for his burial in the “Libingan ng mga Bayani” (Cemetery for Heroes). In the interim between _PERSON_’s order and the Supr
eme Court decision and the eventual burial of _NAME_, we followed the Facebook and Twitter discussions around the “_PERSON_ Na” campaign. We observed how the disinformation architects ensured that social media served as an integral platform within a wider political campaign, as it echoed and amplified the revisionist narrative of _NAME_ as the Philippines’ greatest president and the martial law years as the country’s golden years. This went completely against established historical and literary scholarship that described the dictatorial regime as characterized by, among other horrors, widespread human rights violations and unmitigated government corruption (see _PERSON_ 2016). Moreover, and here we borrow from _PERSON_ (2016), this narrative aligned very well with the ""deep story"" held by _PERSON_ and his supporters regarding the viability of an authoritarian regime, as it would get the country to move forward faster. As _PERSON_ himself said, _NAME_ deserved to be buried “because he was a great p
resident and he was a hero” and, moreover, that the burial would catalyze “national healing.” The children of _NAME_ also echoed this claim, saying that what the country really needed was to “forgive and move on.” During our research, we saw how online petitions, memes, videos, and articles from websites with unverified content were weaponized to challenge existing narratives about _NAME_ and bring different frameworks to the burial issue. Crucially, these were also used to attack and silence critics of the burial. One such example was a Facebook post about Vice President _PERSON_’s opposition to the burial. If _PERSON_ was a favorite target of the _PERSON_ camp, so _PERSON_ was always in the firing line of the _PERSON_ camp. This was primarily because she was the highest government official affiliated with the Liberal Party, which not only touted itself as the opposition party to the _PERSON_ government but was also a key opposition force during the _NAME_ regime. The Facebook post shared a news 
video clip of _PERSON_’s interview with the accompanying caption: “So why does _PERSON_ the queen of cheap campaigns disapprove of the burial of _NAME_ in the Heroes’ Cemetery … Watch and learn how crazy and out of her mind _PERSON_ is.” The post elicited over 16,000 reactions (likes, hearts, angry reactions), 28,624 shares, and over 7,200 comments, with the video viewed over 1 million times. The deep story carried by the post seemed to have resonated very well with the supporters of _PERSON_, as many of the comments on the post expressed their support for the revisionist narrative about _NAME_, specifically by throwing a disturbing array of expletives at _PERSON_. They called her a “*****,” “stupid,” “insane,” told her to “shut up,” and went as far as wishing she would die along with her three daughters. They also expressed resentment towards the Liberal Party, which they characterized as the evil enemy of the _PERSON_ presidency. We subsequently asked the disinformation architects 
about the toxic and vitriolic commentaries generated by digital disinformation materials like the Facebook post against _PERSON_. Their response to this was to wash their hands and explain away their responsibility. Unfortunately, the distinct architecture of networked disinformation in the Philippines made it easy for them to do this. It is to this that we next shift our attention. Disinformation as cultural production The third innovation we proposed above was to conceptualize fake news not just as mere content but as an instantiation of organizational processes and labor relations. Our study on digital disinformation in the Philippines, for instance, took a production studies approach that examined disinformation as a culture of production, which meant listening to the intentions and experiences of fake news producers in their own words and attending to their ""creativity within constraints"" (_PERSON_ 2009: 2) in light of opaque institutional procedures. This enabled us to develop an account of the disinf
ormation production process that was inherently social, underscoring how the different architects of disinformation _NAME_ from institutional knowledge, professional skills, and interpersonal relationships when innovating techniques of political deception. Our production studies approach allowed us to see the different ways in which disinformation architects engaged in moral justifications. They employed various denial strategies that allowed them to claim that their work was not actually “trolling” or “fake news” and that, crucially, enabled them to displace moral responsibility for the consequences of digital disinformation on the heightened toxicity and vitriol of contemporary online political discussions. We observed that workers _NAME_ from slightly different cultural scripts when justifying their work based on where they are positioned in the professional hierarchy. Take the chief disinformation architects, for instance. They saw themselves as taking on the more “professional” work of crafti
ng campaign objectives and messages, especially when compared to the anonymous digital influencers who had to do the “dirty” work of translating their objectives and messages into actual social media content. This allowed them to create some psychological distance from the actual production of digital disinformation materials. Together with this, they did not see digital disinformation as something new, arguing instead that they had used the same advertising and public relations techniques in orchestrating the launch of Facebook business pages, making hashtag campaigns trend worldwide, and building engaged communities for household brands, telecommunications companies, or celebrities. As one of them put it, “Whether you're a movie, soft drink, restaurant, or politician, it's all the same to me. Just give me the brief, I know what to do.” For the anonymous digital influencers, meanwhile, the casual and short-term nature of disinformation projects meant that they could downplay their involvement in it. 
Because the work was just one project or “sideline” they juggle among others, they could tell themselves that ""fake news"" does not define their whole identity. One of them explained, “Being a character or a ‘pseudo’ is only very fleeting because you are not the person. You just assume that personality. You trend for a while and then move on.” The other thing is that the digital influencers were adamant in saying that the production of actual fake news and other disinformation content was not their handiwork, but that of unnamed others in the disinformation architecture or of “real supporters” from the grassroots. They said that it is these others who were overly zealous, as they themselves were professional enough not to engage in misogyny, racism, and hate. This justification allowed them to displace perpetually any accountability for the grimier aspects of disinformation production. Disinformation from the south Finally, we suggest that our understanding of fake news should go beyond “We
stern-centric” lenses and take a global and comparative approach to disinformation production. Our study on digital disinformation production in the Philippines was certainly inspired by the challenge posed by _NAME_ and _NAME_ (2017) to trace the historical antecedents of mediatized populism in particular. We took seriously the importance of thinking through how new social media affordances for political exchange—such as the currently toxic and vitriolic online public spheres in many established democracies—map onto entrenched political systems, class hierarchies, and social dynamics in developing countries like the Philippines, which has deep histories of populist sentiment. Paying attention to the historical context of the Philippines allowed us to understand, for instance, the _NAME_ of the country’s advertising and public relations-led architecture of networked disinformation. This had to do with how national politics in the Philippines has always been characterized by weak political party ideolo
gies and affiliations that are completely overwhelmed by strong personalistic relationships with presidential contenders who are perceived to possess the right image branding (_PERSON_ 1998; _PERSON_ 2004). And the roots of this ran deep, what with Philippine politics having been shaped by a culture of patronage between an oligarchic elite and supporters who establish relationships of dependency and obligation with them. Growing out of a system of patron–client relations established during the Spanish colonial period (1521–1898), the country’s powerful political families and personalities have continued to cultivate clientelistic relationships with their loyal followers (_PERSON_ and _PERSON_ 2000). Looking at the particular digital labor conditions in the Philippines also enabled us to see how the architecture of network disinformation was heavily entrenched in systematized labor and incentive structures that have been normalized in, and even professionalized by, the creative and digital industries. On
e thing we saw was that the chief disinformation architects sought to exploit the porous boundaries between advertising and public relations and the digital underground. They used their expertise and leadership in the former to gain power and prestige in the latter, thereby establishing themselves as pioneers of a new industry. The other thing we observed was that many of the anonymous digital influencers got dragged into the digital underground because of the precarious work conditions in mainstream media. After compounded experiences of rejection and exploitation at the hands of the media industry, they found themselves seeking financial stability in digital disinformation work. Using this case study of disinformation in the Philippines as a test upon which to ground grand narratives usually developed and deployed in the West enabled us to see that there is no one-size-fits-all solution to the complex problem of digital disinformation. Global initiatives to address the problem, such as the emerging critical 
scholarship on the operations of power by global corporations such as Facebook and Google, are of course important (see _PERSON_ 2017). At the same time, however, understanding local contexts of disinformation production and the ways that architects of disinformation evade responsibility and entice other workers to join them in the digital underground allows us to craft better bespoke interventions that are suited to specific country contexts. For the Philippines, our suggestions included the following. (1) Addressing the development of a self-regulatory commission that requires disclosure of political consultancies is a step towards encouraging the traceability and accountability of these digital campaigns within the advertisement and PR industry. (2) Create industry sanctions and safety nets that prevent precarious creative workers from slipping into the digital underground. Conclusion and discussion: Fake news and scandal We argued in the opening section of this chapter that de-Westernizing and broadening 
our understanding of fake news to include issues of narrative, cultural production, and aesthetics can help us better link the fake news phenomenon to larger issues of media sociology, including the role of scandal in the public sphere. In this concluding discussion we mount a brief intervention in order to demonstrate the productivity of this approach. We want to tie the previous case study to larger issues of public space, visibility, and scandal, and in doing so begin a rapprochement between questions of fake news and larger theoretical questions. Media sociologist _NAME_ has offered the most robust and theoretically sophisticated analysis of the relationship between the twenty-first-century media system and political scandal (_PERSON_ 2004), focusing on the relationship between scandal and the media’s power to make select individuals visible to the public at large (_PERSON_ 2005). There are two strands to _PERSON_’s argument, each tying into a different set of assumptions about the nature of communica
tion and the political world. The first strand is grounded in a critique of _NAME_ and his concept of “panopticonism,” or the notion that society has created an internalized sense of continuous surveillance at the heart of modern subjectivity. With his concept of the panopticon, _PERSON_ argues, _PERSON_ neglects to consider the role of the media and particularly its ability to engineer certain forms of public visibility that are limited to a (relatively) few individuals. Rather than living in a state of continuous visibility, _PERSON_ contends (contra _PERSON_) the media draws its very power from its ability to make certain people visible at certain times (_PERSON_ 2005, 40–42). One of the forms of media visibility arises via scandal, which is itself related to certain changes in the constitution of politics. _PERSON_ (2013) relates the prevalence of scandal in recent times to the decline of traditional political parties with their stable and class-based patterns of allegiance. The new political models 
that tend to dominate campaigns use the personal ethics and conduct of individual politicians as a means by which to lure increasingly non-committed voters to their side. One way to do this is via scandal, which simultaneously taints the moral character of politicians and virtually guarantees that this moral character will become the subject of heightened media visibility. Political scandal thus stems from larger changes in both the political and media sphere, with the media possessing increased power to make individuals visible and with politics as a game through which to lure the large number of uncommitted voters to a political side. _PERSON_’s analysis, one of the few large-scale sociological theories to take the media seriously, is a compelling one that does much to explain the dynamics of modern mediated politics. We also think that it both illuminates and obscures the role played by “fake news” in the development of media scandals in the digital age. In terms of illumination, we can see from our 
case study that, even in our hyper-partisan age, moral judgments about candidates for office and politicians in the public sphere still matter. One of the major strategies of disinformation teams in the Philippines, as we have seen, is to impugn the morality of government officials, particularly women. It is an open question as to whether this is a localized phenomenon or a general one, but either way this analysis of the Philippines demonstrates that fake news can thrive in an environment where moral judgments play a major role in political life. Fake news and disinformation can publicly unearth the (usually false) inner lives of candidates, constructing a (false) media narrative that turns government officials into moral reprobates. On the other hand, some part of the conceptual cloudiness of _PERSON_’s theory in relationship to the fake news phenomenon stems, not from a flaw in the theory, but rather from a media landscape which is dramatically different than it was even a decade ago. For one thing, we t
hink that the _PERSON_ notion of the panopticon is more valid now than it was when _PERSON_ proposed it, and certainly more valid than it was when _PERSON_ constructed his theory of media power. The endlessly proliferating world of digital and social media has created a system in which many of the most energized citizens are quite literally “bathing” in the media flow at all times; media is not simply a medium, as Mark _PERSON_ argues, but might be better seen as a media life (_PERSON_ 2012). We can see this from our Philippines case study insofar as disinformation strategies assume an always surveilled, quantified public. Metrics, surveillance, and tracking (_NAME_ 2013) play a major role in fake news strategies and the flourishing of scandalous fake news. Regardless of the specifics at play in this particular case, we think the fake news concept is in need of an overhaul. In this chapter we have outlined the aspects of the phenomenon we think should be more emphasized in scholarship going forward. We ha
ve tried to demonstrate the utility of these revisions in our case study of the role played by disinformation workers in the Philippines. Finally, we have shown how broadening our understanding of fake news takes us out of a linear, media-effects model of communication. Instead, it allows us to discuss disinformation in relationship to more supple sociological theories, including scandal, the public sphere, and personal visibility in media space. Such conceptual creativity is necessary if we are to continue to integrate the dramatic changes of twenty-first-century mediated life with older, and still robust, frameworks for understanding the media’s relationship with society. References _NAME_, _PERSON_. (2013). Rebuilding the News: Metropolitan Journalism in the Digital Age. Philadelphia, PA: Temple University Press. _PERSON_, _NAME_. (1998). How to Win (or Lose) in Philippine Elections: The Dynamics of Winning or Losing in Philippine Electoral Contests. Quezon City: Anvil. _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _PERSON_, _N
AME_. (1995). The Crisis of Public Communication. New York: _NAME_ _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _NAME_, _PERSON_ (2017). Remaking the News: Essays on the Future of Journalism in the Digital Age. Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press. _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _NAME_, _NAME_. (2017). “Troops, Trolls and Troublemakers: A Global Inventory of Organized Social Media Manipulation.” Oxford, UK: Project on Computational Propaganda. _NAME_. J. Communication as Culture: Essays on Media and Society (New York and London: Routledge, 2009 [1989]), 16. _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _NAME_, _PERSON_. (2017). “Mediatized Populisms: Inter-Asian Lineages.” International Journal of Communication 11: 4073–4092. Corner, _NAME_, and _PERSON_, **** (eds.). (2003). Media and the Restyling of Politics: Consumerism, Celebrity and Cynicism. London: Sage. _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _PERSON_, _PERSON_. (2004). Cockfight, Horserace, Boxing Match: Why Elections are Covered as Sport. Quezon City: PCIJ. _PERSON_, Mark. (2012). Media Life. London: 
Sage. _PERSON_, Ruel. (2016). The Books of (Martial) Law. The Books of (Martial) Law | Inquirer Lifestyle _NAME_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, _NAME_, _PERSON_, Nikki, _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _PERSON_, _PERSON_. (2017). “Propaganda and Disinformation: Online Media and the 2016 US Presidential Election.” Partisanship, Propaganda, and Disinformation: Online Media and the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election | Berkman Klein Center, accessed September 5, 2018. Guy, _NAME_. (2017). “Why We Need to Understand Information Through Visuals.” Why we need to understand misinformation through visuals, accessed September 4, 2018. _PERSON_, _NAME_, and _PERSON_, _NAME_. (2000). Philippine Politics and Society in the Twentieth Century: Colonial Legacies, Post- Colonial Trajectories. London and New York: Routledge. _PERSON_, _NAME_. (2016). Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right. New York: The New Press."
175982291,Yes 2 10 mg lisinpril
175982292,Skiing in the morning =] I'm gonna wake up at 7am and make a flask of hot chocolate to drink on the way up to the mountain + Read PiHKAL in the car. It'll be nice.
175982293,Glad that today is better ....
175982294,"Gotcha, ya when they don't move over well, it's not good. We're enjoying it, but we're playing on PC. We bought it through steam."
175982295,Hi. I thought Id check in. Unfortunately _PERSON_ still not working :/ I know thats how people tend to measure another person's worth. I cant really explain what I do what I do with my day. I am not leaving the house very often. Now I feel like I have to hide all this even more because my Father in law has moved in with us (temporarily)....and I dont want him to think _PERSON_ a huge mess. Its really hard when you dont feel comfortable in your own home for extended amounts of time. I have alot of things to be grateful for...but my level of funtioning in day to day society is very low....Its hard not to feel a little alone and stressed out bc I cant blame anyone else (and i dont want to) for how my life is now. I also think that Ive been leaning on alcohol a little too much to cope...I was never an overdrinker but with all the anxiety etc ...and just not enough things to fill the time. I always feel like I cant keep up. It would be one thing if I could be just tired..or just stressed out....but too b
e tired and stressed out and so many other emotions is alot. Anyway...thats my story.
175982296,"I've always kinda been pushed into management/leadership roles. As a kid I ""ran"" the games we played in the neighborhood or among family. When I spent some brief time as a cadet in a military-adjacent program they wanted me to rank all the way up and do all the things. In jobs and gaming I'm always naturally put towards the top of the list of people to run things. But ""I dun wan it"" Is pretty much also always a part of it. I don't like the attention, I don't desire the power or authority, and I'm certainly not going to play petty games. So frequently this has resulted in someone else that wants it more being permitted to do the thing, and inevitably they are worse at it. If whatever organization is a body of water, and you have some people wanting to be big fish in a little pond, some people are fighting with each other at any given time, some are all about having the shiny scales or whatever. I feel like I'm frequently the lurker in the depths. Something older, more alien, and more dangerous, 
but also perfectly happy to just sit on the bottom and mind my own business."
175982297,_PERSON_ been saying fish oil for years now...did wonders for my brain ?
175982298,No it's all good. I understand.
175982299,"Still having anxiety and almost had another panic attack. I’m sure this all was triggered by my dad’s cousin broke into our house a few days ago. All the doors were locked (because my mom and aunt were away) and he got in using a small door in the backyard. This door is hidden, no one would normally notice. I just woke up and went downstairs when I saw him there. He saw me and was coming closer to shake my hand, he wasn’t wearing a mask and I knew this guy goes to the public places a lot, so I backed off and said “Stay there”. It felt like someone just put a gun on a my head. Not an exaggeration. I felt like my life was in danger. This guy is also mentally unstable. God knows what he could’ve done. He freaked my grandma out because he just came in and took food and just ate there without asking our permission first. I pity this guy because his family kicked him out due to his inability to meet the family’s standard. My dad’s family have money and power. Most of them are politicians, 
lawyers, or doctors who got educated in Sorbonne, Oxford, or Harvard, but they are heartless and like to abandon children if they are “unsuccessful”. They like to have this black sheep of the family who they can bully together. This guy and my dad were one of the black sheep. It’s sickening. I’m so proud of my mom for door slamming that family. We might not have the kind of money or power that they have but she raised me and my sister to care about others. Me and my sister are also very loyal to each other unlike my dad’s siblings. But yeah even though I pity him it doesn’t make it acceptable that he broke in like that. He could have called us instead if he needs help and we would help. But then again he’s mentally unstable. My mom called him after that told him to never break in again. I told my mom to just lock the backyard’s door. Sorry for the long post, just need to get things off my chest. I have so many emotions now I’m struggling to manage them."
175982300,Went to Rhode Island again. I didn't go to Cape Cod because once again the weather didn't cooperate. And at this point I don't want to go there until next spring because now the leaves are off of most of the trees in southern New England. But it's good to be back in Maine.
175982301,"Hey guys, i just wanted to know any opinion or experiences with lexapro for anxiety and insomnia.I was thinking of talking to my doctor about it and his useless with mental health but cant get another doctor,I dont drive and my doctor _PERSON_ walk away so thats d only reason his my doctor.His against any type of xanex type medications also"
175982302,"I want out of here. Everything is uncomfortable. When I talk, I don't make any sense. People are gonna wonder why I'm sitting in the jeep for so long. My boss just called me to start working on the weekend and I ended the call too early - But I'll start working on Sarurday. I looked up symptoms of psychosis and I agree that I feel like I'm being tortured by an unseen force that wants me dead. But it's usually like that. The opposite of grandeur. Anyways, whatever.."
175982303,"Blue? You mean cornflower blue , right?"
175982304,black coffee
175982305,"I want to get out and do something. Like go for a run. But it's 10pm. I'm starting to feel the need to exercise or something. I want a full time job cuz then I have a reason to get up in the morning. But mostly I get up to exercise or many doctors and therapist appointments, coffee connections, etc and it's nice to be able to do things that I want on the other hand. Idk I feel restless. I want it to be daytime. But I'll probably take seroquel and go to bed."
175982306,I'm not sure.
175982307,"I woke up at 7am and had a bowl of cereal. I never had cereal in a long time. It's been over 12 hours since I took the beta blocker and I went back to bed, woke up feeling anxious. Had diarrhea, stomach hurts and heart beating fast. Never again. Never again.."
175982308,Hm ok. I may go. Ugh. Idk. I don’t even wanna go the grocery store. Here’s a poem I wrote about this period of time in the world. Not really a poem but
175982309,I think you’re dream typing or something.....
175982310,"The one thing I’ll say about the bigger schools is that they really set you up to succeed by introducing you to the right people, sometimes who you know is just as important as what you know if you want to get ahead...."
175982311,Picked up my new computer! I haven’t unpacked it lol. I’m overwhelmed by the wires. I haven’t had a desktop/wired computer in about 15 years. Trying to convince my daughter it’ll be fun to crawl around under the desk and find where all the wires go...she’s not buying it ?
175982312,"Every November my back plays up. It means I have to do my ######6 exercises again; yoga, stretches, workouts. And start eating enough to do strength training. Pain is very motivating, for a while,until next November."
175982313,I feel like crap I ate dairy...
175982314,time for a repost.
175982315,I think my oldest Green Cheek _PERSON_ is going to be responsible for World War III
175982316,"For me, I try not to take too many risks. But I try not to always avoid taking risks as well. I want a balance."
175982317,"I need to play guitar more. I write music sometimes, but have stopped lately. I need to get back into it."
174378001,"I have DID-like changes w my schizoaffective disorder stuff. But my personality changes occur when I cycle from one state to another. Do your alters only come when you are, say, depressed?"
175982318,"I remember learning in the independent living unit in the psych ward how to make boundaries with people. ""I feel this way when you do this because - And I need you to"" etc.. I forget.. But that's what I have to do along with my sister.."
175982319,"Yes, I do plan on scheduling an apt with my doctor soon. It was actually my Rheumatologist who prescribed me Cymbalta and my primary doctor who had me on Zoloft. I haven't yet told them but will be making a call very soon. The only thing that really bothers me is the slight memory loss, which I am hoping will pass with time. Thank you for your support ?"
175982320,"_PERSON_, I'm also sorry that you had a bad day a couple of days ago. I think it is often something when you own your own house, which is part of why I'm okay with not owning a home at this point in my life. I wish I could get away with not owning a car, because things like having your battery quit on you is stressful, especially if money is tight. I had a battery to a previous car that I owned quit on me too once. But I can't get away with not owning a car because I live in a rural area. _PERSON_, the good thing about having a bad day is that before you know it, the day is over and a new and hopefully better day is here."
175982321,Idk if I can sleep tonight. I dont have any benadryl. I'm out.
175982322,Beautiful!
175982323,Glad u had a good time!
175982324,I’m getting McDonalds but the Xbox One was ordered from amazon so it will take about a week to a week and a half to get here lol
175982325,"We've only reached the third day.. of a seven day binge... Na, na na, na na, na na na na Na, na na, na na, na na na na"
175982326,Thinking about freezing half the half cake I’ve got left....I really want to make the gingerbread polar bears sooner rather than later....
175982327,No I'm happy you're creative! I need shrooms to be creative cuz I'm left brain ^-;
175982328,We need a house desperately
175982329,"Why do you think your anhedonia is so treatment=resistant, Job?"
175982330,"My sleep is good but I am sleeping more than usual. Also I usually sleep straight through but I am waking up at 1, 2, o'clock and staying awake for a little while. I'm fatigued and getting migraine headaches. My appetite is good (thanks to the AP!) It's a little too good. Nothing feels pleasurable. I sleep to escape life. Having thoughts of harming myself but not suicide. Just dark thoughts. Hallucinations have been okay. Occurring a little more frequently."
175982331,"Oh, well you studied a lot, so it will be fine."
174378035,Didn’t your doc say you could reduce the Thorazine? Aren’t you also on abilify? That ones not sedating at all.
175982332,"HI _NAME_, I wonder how you are doing today? You posted months ago.. so much has happened in between. I suffer from anxiety and depression and am taking meds, an SNRI - so hoping things will get better. Had started on zoloft... I know I was unable to manage without meds.. had an episode before after my second daughter was born, and it runs in the family. So I would check and see if there is something out for you - hope you had a chance to talk to a specialist. Let meknow how things are now? _NAME_"
175982333,"for me, I feel like someone is cursing me. I think my girlfriend is an agent of the devil. I also have to pick up trash wherever I go. and it gets really hard to know where to put nails I find, since I always worry about ppl getting hurt by them no matter if I put them in the dumpster. like I need to find a place to throw sharps"
175982334,"I see, _PERSON_, I'm sure the withdrawal is making everything so much worse. I'm sorry you are going through it. I hope it gets easier. Thanks for starting the weekly posts. I love reading what everyone is up to. SC... Cool on the band! Must be a blast. Have a good rest of the day all.. Snowing here. Won't stop. Hibernating... _PERSON_, _NAME_"
175982335,Did takes meds
175982336,They're making a 6 month long acting Invega injection. Nope nope nope
175982337,"Awww come on Des... Fine, I'll do it."
175982338,I’m guessing people aren’t really sure what to say as far as what’s going on my end? :|
175982339,lol you stole my meme from facebook lmao.. it's funny.
175982340,"About 2 weeks ago I had my second psychotic break I thought my neighbor with the apartment above mine was broadcasting things in my bedroom disturbing my rest. I thought I could hear the other neighbors talking in their apartments. All together an awful experience added to that now my neighbors know I have a mental illness. I duck around not wanting to see any of them. On top of what happened I'm still not convinced my neighbor isn't doing something. He would play something very low and not nice at night last fall when my mental health was stable. So, I don't know if it is real or not. Truly awful. I called my psychiatrist and he upped my dose of Seroquel from 100mg to 200mg at hs. I will take the increased dose tonight and pray it will stop the auditory delusions. I guess I just needed to let the understanding people here know what I am experiencing. I'm not well enough to write a letter of apology to the neighbor and doubt his complete innocence. Just wondering if anyone else has auditory halluci
nations that intermingle with mechanical sounds. Thanks for reading."
175982341,"I have and it works very well for me. Only a week ago, I was taking two 1 mg Melatonin health food pill for sleep, and it quit working. I came on this forum and people were recommending this and that health food for sleep and one suggested Melatonin. From that info, I decided to take four Melatonin, not two, at bedtime, and I got a good night's sleep that night and also the last two nights since I've been taking four of those. Someone of the forum said her husband takes ten of those, and takes them about 3 or 4 hours before bedtime, as suggested by his doctor. If I take my Melatonin even an hour before bedtime, I can tell I go to sleep quicker. My psychiatrist doesn't like any health food pill for they haven't been tested. But a week ago when I told her I was having trouble with sleep, none of her doctor pill suggestions made any sense, some I had taken before and they hadn't worked before. So, without me coming up with the Melatonin, from searching the net for sleep aids and this website, I'm not 
getting much sleep, which is not good for you, either. As for how much, I would start off with a reasonable amount (1?) and see what happens. But it's up to the individual to decide that after getting as much data as possible."
175982342,Maybe it was a tension headache?
175982343,"Sorry you're dealing with that side effect, I actually haven't had that with the trileptal, I hope it goes away soon for you, I know it's frustrating, I had bad tremors when I was on Lithium"
175982344,I to have had Severe anxiety and panic attacks along with being bipolar. There where times when it was so bad for me that I would have to leave class in college and hide in the bathroom stahl for way longer than I’d like admit. My point is I have also been threw it and was the type of person that wouldn’t open up to anyone. It’s hard because everyone is different and different coping mechanisms work for differently for each person. I found focusing on things that really mattered to me like art would really help . I spent a lot of time online going to gallery’s etc. I also slowly started reaching out to other people for help online and what I found is that there ALOT of people in similar situations. Plus tons of support both online/phone/meetings . One thing I can tell you is that it’s hard going threw it by your self . The more you reach out . The easier it becomes
175982345,Two pairs of jeans
175982346,I have lots of those but it becomes a chore to do so and it’s not always I can have my phone to make an entry.. like at work or something
175982347,Talked to my Pastor Therapist last night. He thinks I'm doing well. I have two more chapters in the book that he makes everyone go through. Then after that I am wondering if we will be done with therapy. I feel like I have made a lot of progress but I'm not sure what else we are supposed to be doing.
175982348,"Lol i imagine people saying ""who's that guy inside those curtains?"" and you're like dont mind me, im a lamp"
175982349,"Looking into this may be very worthwhile. If you do get the diagnosis, it will help with treatment, usually by improving it. Maybe this is something you can discuss with your psychologist."
175982350,"Enjoying a glass of wine, a single glass. Not two, and not on an empty stomach this time."
175982351,"Thanks Yeah, the Inderal has helped a lot, I haven't needed the klonopin at all in 4 days, glad about that because I hated relying on it. It's good to have something better for long term and save klonopin for emergencies"
175982352,"Does visual music count, where you listen with your soul? I just finished experiencing a beautiful fifa soccer game on spanish television (because it wasn't available on our english language channels)."
175982353,He looks handsome
175982354,"Yeah I am, I have a great therapist. I need to discuss the _NAME_ setback"
175982355,I’m starting to get really anxious
175982356,Every time I close my eyes I feel like im being watched and am in danger
175982357,Ten Years on the Rock Pile It's a bunch of short stories about the happenings atop Mt. Washington in NH
175982358,"I am so so sorry for your loss. I lost my father as a young child to suicide so I totally understand the pain you are going through. Suicide is never the answer though, and your pain is very much justified. Please seek psychiatric help and therapy ASAP. Tell your friends and family how you feel, and please, try to eat and drink, shower, wash your face, and still continue regular hygienic practices. I am suffering from debilitating nerve pain that was stress induced, and I don’t want you to suffer through it like I do. If you feel like hurting yourself you must call 911 or a suicide hotline. 1-_PHONE_NO_ is the suicide hot line. Take small steps during your grieving, like eating regular meals, taking walks outside, brushing your teeth regularly, taking showers on a normal basis, and drinking plenty of water. You may develop PTSD and major depression from this, and that is normal. I have PTSD and major depression when my dad passed away, and his death still haunts me to this day. Chronic and severe 
stress can lead to debilitating stomach gut problems, that can be costly and really cause a downward spiral in your life. I have hyperalgesia and visceral hypersensitivity due to prolonged exposure to stress. You must maintain control of your emotions, and crying is absolutely acceptable during your mourning, but please keep close contact with a psychiatrist and therapist. You may message me at any time for support. Hang in there, take it easy, and PLEASE get in contact with a psychiatrist and therapist immediately."
175982359,Gotta get some litter and cat food for her. Apparently she’s extremely particular about the type of cat food she eats lol so I’ll make sure I get the kind my sister does. I should go to Walmart and buy some toys for her too. And temptations cat treats.
175982360,I'm sure you'll have your dad by your side. You can't chose your family but you can always chose your friends.
175982361,"This is some stuff I've come to terms with (I think), though some days it's better than others. Some days I expect myself to be a 100% when I am clearly not 100%. But it's a learning process. I don't expect myself to feel my best every day anymore. I want to feel my best every day, but that is not consistent with reality."
175982362,I normally pay 3 dollars for my generic ziprasidone with my insurance but this 52 dollars was for it market price with goodrx applied.
174378061,I think the difference is in seeing and hearing things that arent real.
175982363,"Theres a little highway in the countryside, it goes all the way to dallas. A hidden gem. Its hilly and there are colors there that I havent seen elsewhere except in the hill country of san _NAME_."
175982364,Yeet yeet and bottle of rum
175982365,Thank you _PERSON_
175982366,Here if you work part time you don’t get medical...
175982367,"I've been feeling so much pain and mental illness too. I know I might seem crazy but I think it's cuz of the planets.. I keep getting updates on my phone about certain planet alignments and there's too many notifications.. What are you dealing with? For me it's coming off phenibut and xanax, anxiety, aggravation, agitation, irritability, a little psychosis. It all makes me annoyed by everything like really really pissed off. And my cat is being weird like how she was during my bad trip. She's constantly annoying me because I can't let her outside or she'll be eaten. And I smoked weed which doesn't help."
175982368,If i don’t maintain a B average....I fail out of the program......
175982369,Hugs @ _PERSON_ tho Was making toast but opened the computer to give a hug
175982370,"Sometimes I wonder if all thes happen because of bad luck or I'm the one who make issues, I really suffer from anger and anxiety issues, it got worse speciely after I break up wish my ex, issue isn't break up who make me sad, but the reason wish is an simple game, she did prefer an game over an 4y relationship.... Then ofc she started too put ideas in my head like she's wish somebody else, she's sleeping wish him etc, in your opinion what shall I do in thes situation? And what should I do if get angry again (I scored more then 10 in anger issues tests wish did tell me too immediately check an doctor)"
175982371,"I don’t, actually. If anything, I tend to get the opposite complaint because of my ADHD at times because medications only do so much."
175982372,I keep being afraid that my belly button is gone detach from inside and my umbilical cord inside is gonna detach from my body and my intestines are gonna collapse.
175982373,Thanks. Right now im dealing with just got into a fight with the hubby because i dont want to go away for 14 days.....I know i wil start drinking again....and drinking isint the biggest problem but i dont even want to do it...its just i know its not the answer but in stressful times...what can i do...theres nothing i can do...not go...cause more upheaval..ughhhh 1 2
175982374,Can you call your doctor? Maybe they have some idea of what to do to help
175982375,I’m sorry that really sucks.
175982376,I've been taking fish oil every day mostly for 5 years. It increases IQ by an average of 4 IQ points =] Atenolol! I take that for high resting heart rate.. what do you take it for if you dont mind me asking?? I was horribly tired this morning.. Vyvanse woke me up which is why it's my favourite med..
175982377,Oh **** it I'll continue trying. And try to have something like that good week again. I try explaining negative symptoms to my treatment team and they don't get it.
175982378,_PERSON_ REALLY wants me to come back to their school. Not only have they been calling me twice a week even tho I emailed them about not being able to financially. but just got an email saying my 2000 dollar financial hold was lifted for fall. Omg. I feel like this is a major sign and opportunity. Idk what to do tho still. I’m so lost when it comes to college.
175982379,"I quit smoking 4 months ago. Read the book - _NAME_ ""How to stop smoking"" it works!"
175982380,Both actually. Idk. Sucks.
175982381,I was gonna do that yesterday but my dad couldn’t. He offered at first but then I had back to back dr and therapist appts when he offered. Then when it was 3pm he couldn’t.
175982382,You'd better make sure they're not trying to contact you with fees and such. They can totally ruin your credit otherwise.
175982383,I think my mom might have went on the hike without me. I say that I don't want to be with her friends and her - But I like hiking so what ever I don't really care. My mom won't admit to what I'm becoming aware of now which is the histrionic thing and tries to hide it but she hosts parties in the house - So I need to get away and be independent. It's just weird to me that I should have done something about my ex step dad a long time ago - But I was too scared and wasn't sure if standing up to authority is the right thing to do - It always was. 100% of the time.
175982384,^^^The backpack idea is a great one! It will be safe and allow you to hold on to both sides as you said. This along with working on the root issue will really go a long way in building your confidence....and get you out and exercising again...another great self help tool! Keep up the great work! You've got this! S.C.
175982385,_PERSON_ I’ve seen quite a few people already have their stimmys.
175982386,Oh that's good once you get used to it.
175982387,That's weird
175982388,Morning I finished The Bell Jar...but I have so many questions...
175982389,What kind of food? I had a vegan burger and sweet potato fries last night.
175982390,"So I have a theory.. It's my deepest most intuitive one, possibly ever (_PERSON_ tone of voice) but in all seriousness.. I googled ""Severed connection theory"" where some things just don't exist because they ARE - Because someone must have already thought of it.. But it just shows up as ""Split brain"" hemispheres.. But I'll explain it like this.. Let's say that everything is divine.. and you reincarnate into everything possible inside and outside space and time.. So say a chair is sitting there with the consciousness of a pen in this same reality forever.. Wouldn't that be just something that I or anyone has thought of? So someone would have to sit there and think about a chair as a pen forever or they could be a chair that is a pen, trapped forever (Which would be the smallest amount of measurable time, unless the movement of the chair changes).. But it's really hard to explain.. I haven't quite gotten the whole theory of what I'm trying to explain and it pops into my mind every once and a while
.. But I'm hoping that, with time, I'll get a grasp of what this is.. Because there's things that don't exist forever because say, one second IS forever. Y'know what I mean? In one reality, maybe there's 25 trillion people staring at a chair and thinking it's a pen.. Or a pen that is female.. etc.. For 6 million years.."
175982391,That’s insane!!!!!
175982392,"Rough week. I texted _PERSON_ to let her know I'm not doing well. Last week was rough too. It just continued on and on and on. T said she is thinking of me and to stay in touch and let her know what I need. Ugh. I hate that. If I knew what I needed I would do it, or get it, or whatever. But I don't know what I need. Actually I probably need a stint in the hospital but I really don't want to do that. Plus I'm worried I would lose my job. I took three days off last week. One planned. Two not planned but approved before I took them off. I don't know though. A coworker--my work buddy, the CFO--got let go. The only reason she can think of is because she needed to take time off for personal reasons. Sometimes part way through the day. She had a good review a month ago and then boom she got fired. So now I'm worried about taking leave. Even if I need it. Even though the owner has been really nice to me lately. Even inviting me to come to NY to see them at the other office once COVID is over. So maybe I do
n't have to worry but I am worried. Plus I miss my buddy. We texted and I got her address so I'm sending her flowers. And a card. And a Starbucks gift card. It's the least I can do. I really want to go back to a negative habit that I spent a long time trying to break and currently have a year and nine days worth free from. I texted my Pastor's wife who was very emphatic that that was not an option. I kind of took that the wrong way. More like a challenge. So I am trying to change my attitude or I will end up back in the hospital!"
175982393,Hi _PERSON_
175982394,"Hi and welcome back! I am so happy to hear of your promotion...congratulations! This shows what a valued employee and hard worker you are! However, I am sorry to hear that things are still tight for you...and I will continue to send positive thoughts and prayers that you fiancé also finds work soon! I am also sorry to hear that your mother continues to be a challenge. I hope that you can continue to set boundaries with her. This will be healthy not only for you, but for your relationship with your fiancé as well. Keep working on your anxiety management as well too...in order to help you work through the stresses of this situation. We are here to listen and encourage you as well...so thanks for updating us...and keep talking with us if you find it helpful. Hugs and high fives! S.C."
175982395,Craving KFC
175982396,Can't wait to see what you paint!
175982397,I can’t wait to travel overseas again. The adventure makes me feel alive
174378123,"Hon, I'm sorry to hear that you're going through that, but no, no one can hear your thoughts, and no, your hallucinations are not real people. They sound like real people, I get that, so do mine, but they're not really people. It''s called Schizophrenia because it's actually a disorder that people suffer from. No one can communicate mind to mind."
175982398,"medved: I went through a time when I was very concerned about taking any medicine. I read in a book that said one way to deal with that is to take only a portion of the pill. That way, if there is a side effect, it won't be as severe as if you'd taken the entire pill. I wish I had know that earlier, for I went through a lot of torment with my bipolar but refused to take my medicine because of concern for the side effects. Have you ever thought about taking only a portion of the pill that your doctor prescribes? Wait some hours or more to see what effect it may be having on you. Then, if it doesn't seem to be hurting, consider taking another portion of the pill, and waiting hours to see what that does. If after taking the entire pill over hours and hours of time, you deem it is OK, then after it's time to be taking a second pill of that same medicine, again, taking only a portion of it. Over a day or two or more, if it appears to be OK, you might want to consider taking an entire pill. That way, the 
pill won't be a surprise to you as to bad effects. What do you think about that? Below mentions CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy), which is also discussed in this website's suggested steps that are noted in the area right above the first topic is this anxiety forum. It is suggested that you read that. Getting you mind in the shape that you can solve this is part of the solution. I think the Army calls it an Attitude Readjustment Session. My mind needed that badly, as I didn't think I could solve any problem, and I couldn't until I started believing that I could. I was the problem. I went to the net and the National Institute of Mental Health website said: Medication Serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are used to help reduce OCD symptoms. Examples of medications that have been proven effective in both adults and children with OCD include clomipramine, which is a member of an older class of “tricyclic” antidepressants, and several newer “selective ser
otonin reuptake inhibitors” (SSRIs), including: fluoxetine fluvoxamine sertraline SRIs often require higher daily doses in the treatment of OCD than of depression, and may take 8 to 12 weeks to start working, but some patients experience more rapid improvement. If symptoms do not improve with these types of medications, research shows that some patients may respond well to an antipsychotic medication (such as risperidone). Although research shows that an antipsychotic medication may be helpful in managing symptoms for people who have both OCD and a tic disorder, research on the effectiveness of antipsychotics to treat OCD is mixed. If you are prescribed a medication, be sure you: Talk with your doctor or a pharmacist to make sure you understand the risks and benefits of the medications you're taking. Do not stop taking a medication without talking to your doctor first. Suddenly stopping a medication may lead to ""rebound"" or worsening of OCD symptoms. Other uncomfortable or potentially dangerous withdrawal 
effects are also possible. Report any concerns about side effects to your doctor right away. You may need a change in the dose or a different medication. Report serious side effects to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program online at http://www.fda.gov/Safety/MedWatch or by phone at 1-_PHONE_NO_. You or your doctor may send a report. Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be an effective treatment for adults and children with OCD. Research shows that certain types of psychotherapy, including cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) and other related therapies (e.g., habit reversal training) can be as effective as medication for many individuals. Research also shows that a type of CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy) called Exposure and Response Prevention (EX/RP) is effective in reducing compulsive behaviors in OCD, even in people who did not respond well to SRI medication. For many patients EX/RP is the add-on treatment of choice when SRIs or SSRIs medication does not effectively 
treat OCD symptoms."
175982399,Good luck! Hope you have a great semester!
175982400,Happy anniversary valley!
175982401,Hardcover copy of Dead Reckoning by _NAME_ (books True Blood series is based on)
175982402,"My doctor said that he lets me be in control but I just need to try not to over analyzing my meds and instead DO and not plan as much. If I want to read, open the book and just do it. ""Just do it"" is what I should DO. Seriously though. He said what I've been dealing with (My family) that I should tell them to stop picking on me etc.. It's a normal thing for them to bother me. He prescribed 5mg diazepam to take every night because of it's long half life (Instead of alprazolam) but the pharmacist just said to take for a few nights and then as needed for when I don't sleep or have an impending sense of doom. So I think I have this figured out. Everything will be ok. I'll stay on 50mg of Vyvanse. I see my doctor in another 2 weeks and hopefully I'll be better. I got my injection today. I'm gonna work on myself more for the next two weeks and just try to enjoy life. I'm gonna say sorry to my mom. I love my mom but my mental state makes me hate everyone and want to distance myself socially. I'll be mor
e withdrawn for about a week after the injection kicks in. I feel perfectly normal right now though. I'm gonna read today."
175982403,"90º whoa! Some like it hot. If you're anything like me, starting is 70% of the battle. Staying ""on task"" is 29%. Actual improvement and achievement are less than 1% after the Herculean achievement of rising off me arse. Doing things makes me feel good (I experience ALL emotions to EXCESS+) yet, somehow, flush with victory, I eventually manage to return to my old inert ways, like silt in a jar of water. Lately, I have come to realize that this is due to the impossibility I have always felt forming long-term goals . Until a few years ago, the word, ""future"", literally, had no meaning for me . It existed as a purely abstract placeholder in a sentence, almost like a hesitation noise. I have only been able to achieve things in the contexts of school and work, where someone else created the goals and deadlines, and I met the goals out of fear of public shaming . This is hard for me to express. I have also worked out of hate for other people who would have genuinely gloated at my failure. While I wou
ld love to work out of joy at my own goals, I don't know if that is possible. My mother was/is sick, and she brainwashed me completely. Being able to express this here has helped me perceive a blind spot. Is painting nerve-wracking for you now due to your (possibly) prohibitively high expectations? Would it be possible for you to pretend that your late kitty friend came back in spirit form with a strong desire to paint, but needed to temporarily inhabit your body in order to do so? Wouldn't you encourage her to paint regardless of the quality of the finished product? I, too, come down grotesquely hard on myself, and forget that the point is NOT to 'win the prize', but to do my best at sincerely expressing my artistic vision, clarifying it, and 'talking' to the page, forcing my mind away from judgment, staying focused alternately on the whole of the vision and finding discrepancies between what I've laid down and the relevant portion of the vision. It is an honest, super-verbal dialog with oneself. With waterc
olor, due to the impossibility of erasing, you might choose to start lightly, and to live with corrections. Layer upon light layer of corrections, which will ultimately, if you are able to maintain focus and sincerity, lead to an interesting document, although not necessarily even close to your original vision. Because you'll probably (although not necessarily) want to let the page dry in between workings, you might want to have 2 or more pieces simultaneously in progress. One advantage to this is you'll be much less likely to 'fall asleep at the wheel', having to constantly reorient yourself when moving from work to work, always freshly asking yourself, ""Where was I?"", painting a little, then moving on. Moving a lot, thinking some, and painting less will, oddly, I think, yield the most visually alive results. Most importantly, in moving from work to work, you will gain temporal as well as physical distance from your creation(s), and distance is vital to accurate perception. Every bit of indirection you can 
think of will allow you to see it more objectively , such as looking at your work in a mirror. With distance, you will be able to view what you've done as though someone else did it (preferably an rsshole; that tends to help one find 'errors' and places to grow). Not being precious and narcissistic about the work is a huge plus. You can, of course, also work wet on wet and let the colors bleed in that unique watercolor way, and then reach for the blood and urine. There are no judges. Thank you for the stuff in bold . I absolutely need to make discipline and focus my priorities, or I'll never be able to even fail at expressing my ideas. Better to try and fail. Also, thank you for the movie. I need to be in a certain state of mind to focus for more than an hour on something, so I'll have to wait to catch that wave, so to speak. Hehehe. I, too, pilfer stuff, and have long described myself as a petty criminal and urchin. You see, I am no stranger to the so-called, ""scarcity mentality"". I grew up poor, and remem
ber using the bar of Safeguard soap until it was like a no-longer-sudsing 1/8"" x 1"" x 1 1/2"" ""wafer thin mint"". The difference here probably stems from my POW camp congenital aesthetic brainwashing in favor of simplicity and austerity. It was a tremendous gift, and the single best thing my mother did for me. We didn't have money. We NEVER had ""the latest"", and I was taught by example that, ""Less is more."", that for those who follow fads there is no end to chasing stuff, and no end to fads, so what one buys one year, they tire of in no time at all. So my piles of junk are anathema--everything I've ever owned since high school--but hoarded thanks to my scarcity mentality. I need to let go of the side of the pool and swim. It's always worked out in the past, I'm gonna be dead soon anyway, and I'll enjoy dying in an empty room far more than in a junk-filled one. In practice, we do not disagree. Hoarded ideas and plans indeed help me to look forward to each day. They form a big part of my background daydr
eams. They keep me afloat. ""One day"", I will do X, and I smile and feel good, and then log on to the internet. Hours later, it's once again time for bed. There is, on the other hand, the alternate view that the damming-up of creative energy sickens the soul, the psyche, and eventually the body . Intuitively, I sense that a practitioner of Chinese Medicine might describe the situation as a major blockage of the flow of _PERSON_, or life force. We disagree, then, in theory, and in our harmony regarding the relationship of theory and practice. Your harmonious state is a good thing. My disharmonious state is not. Man, that means a LOT to me, Oblivion. I read it a few days ago and it made my day, although I was embarked on a multi-day cooking extravaganza and lacked the time to respond. Thank you!"
175982404,I'm thinking (again) about ending therapy. But then I worry that if I am in crisis then I won't have anyone to turn to except for my pdoc and he's $200 per session. Bleh. But I'm not sure I'm getting that much out of it right now. It's hard to find a therapist though. Maybe I should hang on to her. Idk. I'm back and forth about it. Trying to not make any rash decisions.
175982405,I feel sad idk why
175982406,"So this person has 4 children and a drug problem and is off her bipolar meds and won't see a psychiatrist. How does she take care of 4 children? Is there a third person involved or is there just this one other person? You said, ""Last week after a period of not speaking I broke it totally down for her and told her I needed her to be real and honest with me and stop doing this to me cause I will be forced to give up."" Stop doing this to you? You are an adult. She's also doing this to her 4 children. Are they of any import in this? Are we talking DEFACS (Department of Family and Children Services)?"
175982407,Just had some coffee.
175982408,"I hear a lot of millennials do that with avocado and toast, but I have no idea what it would taste like. It sounds good, but I feel like I'd want half a loaf to really make a dent with my manly appetite lol"
175982409,"I took a break mentally, meditated, then watched mass and prayed. And taking a few moments to clear my head and breathe, distance myself from the situation I realize my apartment isn't anywhere near as bad as I was thinking it was in terms of cleanliness. It looks fine. There's a few things I can straighten up tomorrow but other than that things look pretty good."
175982410,That's a good idea
175982411,"I have same question regarding my so so depressed son. No substance addiction, just despair. Well, some computer game ""addiction."" he has a shrink. i have a shrink who says there's not much i can do. He is mid-20's. Has not expressed suicide or violence thoughts, but has expressed despair and some anger (at world not at me). I'm afraid because he is so negligent about himself - e.g. going out in single digit temperatures without coat in bedroom slippers. right now he's not going out at all, barely eating or moving or talking. Do I just watch this play out, and give hugs and cups of tea? Thanks for the advice just to listen, not to try to advise. Second question - is there hope? do people ""come back"" to productive lives from this?"
175982412,Any chance you could sleep now and just wake up naturally in the middle of the night?
175982413,"Yes, I did!!"
175982414,Yea it is. Even my boss asked me if it was weird for me. I got real nervous when she asked that but I said yea it was.
175982415,"Yeah, newtus, glad your T appointment went well!"
175982416,"There are lots of free guided meditations available. Many intro to meditation books too. You could read anything by _PERSON_. Or _NAME_. Or get the free Insight Timer app and join the “Beginners Mind” group. Or just sit quietly and focus on your breath. When your mind wanders - as it repeatedly will - notice that, and then refocus your breath. Don’t expect radical change. Meditation isn’t a quick fix. The changes are subtle. I meditate daily."
175982417,"I never really played them till recently, and after watching Call Me _NAME_'s videos on YouTube which are hilarious. I have fun with it making weird characters"
175982418,"Mookz520 said... Clemxiii Yah I been off those antidepressants I never really started it I took like like 5 and that's it I dropped it its been a year and I still got it its annoying and yah those drs don't even try I hate it. Idk why and how we got it but I sure hope it goes away. Do you think if its likely a brain issue it'll become worse or effect our brain? Assuming it really is idiopathic illusionary palinopsia, from the literature I have seen on it, there's zero evidence to suggest it will worsen substantially or cause any issue to the brain. It seems to be some type of visual processing issue in the brain. And I only see it in my peripheral when things move, in certain lighting (usually low). I've also tested that I can see it on stationary items, but following say the tip of a pen, or my finger, past the object (object needs to have some type of light to it compared to the surrounding) and I will see the stationary object ghost outwards as I track past it. So what is happening in the brain 
to cause this processing error I can't say. Especially when I one day didn't have it, then suddenly did. Seems very odd, right? Same with _PERSON_ and others, just suddenly appeared. Makes little to no sense that some mystical brain processing issue would just occur for no reason. But I've exhausted my attempt to figure it out. Is it brain, is it eyes, is it a combination of both. Something else, I just don't know. I've read many people who don't see it to our extent, claim they DO see it though when in the dark, with their phone screen lit. If they wave it around they can see a trail following it. So, I don't know, it could be a normal phenomenon that we're just more aware of, or our brain's are way more active and picking it up? If I could go back in time, I definitely would of went to medical school and involved myself in the field of these neurological/brain issues affecting the eyes and ears. There's a subset of people with both visual/ear issues that never get help, and no research or care goes into sol
ving those issues because a minority of people have it. I would of loved to try to help fix that if I was starting college all over again. 12345"
175982419,"Hi cln777, I am sorry you are having a difficult time. You will get back on the right track again. Don't let this get you down. It is nothing but a hiccup. Though I don't know what the bad news is, I am speaking on how it is effecting you. Remember breathing exercises and do some meditation for calming effect. I am sure you are doing what you are suppose to be doing with the situation. Don't let fear control you. Do you have anything to take for the anxiety? I hope that you feel better soon. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982420,"theHTreturns... said... A few weeks for sure. This is what is known as wash out. You low dose 1 week...i reckon a few days. HT It took me about 11 days for all the symptoms to disappear. I was in the hospital for 5 days taking Zyprexa at 5 mg. After I got home and quit the Zyprexa, I got horrible delusions as though I was in hell forever; it was frightening! After a few days after that, my psychiatrist phoned me and told me to take Zyprexa again, but at 2.5 mg. I was wondering if she wanted me dead or something? I told her that I would never take that drug again!"
175982421,Current Life = Occassionally Pleasurable Cacophony: Do Nothing / Bitchslap - old school Slipknot The vibe off classic rock seems so much better than current world vibrations Take the Money and Run - _NAME_ Band
175982422,Thank you for your openness. We can all use the encouragement and to be reminded of these points.
175982423,I wish the same (or have at certain times in my life). When I'm excited about life I wanna stay up all the time. When I'm depressed I wanna sleep all the time.
175982424,Ordered som _USER_ID_ coffee and Starbucks syrups mixed variety.....
175982425,"Good morning, everybody! So glad to be with you. I enjoy your posts so much. I know I don't say a lot sometimes, but I'm feeling quite a bit & mostly gratitude to have these forums, & I learn a lot from many of you. Anyway, I've enjoyed my morning coffee this morning. I haven't eaten anything yet. I'll probably have Cheerios. I hope you all have a good day today. Thank you!!"
175982426,I need to stay away from carbs and fast food. I’m doing fine when I don’t eat them. But at a grocery store pizza last night and immediately felt sad and low energy after. Slept and then felt fine. Then fiancé ordered _PERSON_ mein for me and I felt fine but then after I ate it my brain felt foggy and I felt low mood and low energy again. Remember this is all after I been eating fairly healthy or homemade meals for a week.
175982427,"Every now and then the stress of this pandemic gets to me and I sort of break down. It’s normal though I know. I knocked myself out with my klonopin last night to prevent myself from doing something stupid/impulsive (like hurting myself). Crying releases stress too so there’s nothing wrong with that. I haven’t lost my stability. I just have to keep living life the best I can given the circumstances, allow myself to be upset once in awhile but keep moving forward."
175982428,"My advice is to use _USER_ID_ supplements for sleep only. They’ll just make you tired during the day. Unless you combine them with stimulants, but that’s a whole other story."
175982429,"I can empathize with this. Multitasking would be nice. I like multitasking, actually."
175982430,I haven't slept yet but it's too late to go to sleep. I have PHP soon.
175982431,Had a good day. Ended up buying almost as much for me as I did for her lol. I did have a whole online cart filled but the in went in store and most of it looked like on me. I do not have the kind of *** one wants clothing clinging to. But I found some cute super cheap boyfriend jeans at Aero. My first ever pair of white jeans. I don’t think I’ve ever had boyfriend jeans either...they look a little weird on me but like I said CHEAP lol. Now I’m waiting for dinner then we’re going to watch the new _NAME_ movie on Netflix. I’m so excited!!! _PERSON_ is unwell. I’m living in denial about it to get through until his next test results come in. Can’t even begin to imagine life w/out my soul dog.
175982432,"Yeah they’re good for you, and have a lot of protein so are filling"
175982433,What happened with your cat DT?
175982434,"You can watch on anything with the app.....well if you’re limited to Netflix and prime I’m going to recommend jingle jangle on Netflix, it was pretty good."
175982435,"Hi folks I’m wondering if anyone in this thread has been on OPIODs/benzodiazepines for several years and now are weaning or are free from them. I just want to know if there’s ever a time when I’ll be “normal” again?!?! I had two back surgeries (2016-17) and now have a medtronics electric stimulation implant in my back. I appreciate your help and I hope everyone is as well, as well can be!"
175982436,Grandiose delusions are one hell of a drug. I found some of my old writings from a certain time period and WHEW. I have to laugh in a good way at the sheer level of outrageous egocentricity in all of that stuff I wrote. Apparently it’s possible for my ego to inflate even more than it already is normally. That’s saying something as I’m already rather highly impressed with myself! HAHAHAH
175982437,"Young and reckless, **** the consequences"
175982438,"Super rough night here. God got me thru it. Miracle, literally."
175982439,"_AT_MENTION_, I like how you think (re: music, cars, etc.)! The _NAME_ Jonestown Massacre, Nevertheless https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0m_WEeFeFI"
175982440,Those are good!
175982441,Ok cool I’ll make one ?
175982442,Went to the chemist and got a kick butt expecterant. Slowly helping. Went to the shops with my mate...he needed bits n pieces as i did. Got gp in the morning. Not for this though. He been away a long time and d i have needed the bugger. Booked a double. Keep strong. HT
175982443,All five of my medicines didnt cost a thing.
175982444,"youngminds.org.uk says: It is very important that you do not stop taking your lithium suddenly. This is because your symptoms may come back. If this happens, they will be harder to get back under control again. Research shows that if you are taking lithium for bipolar disorder and you stop taking it suddenly (i.e. over the course of less than 14 days), then you have a 50% (one in two) chance of becoming ill again within six months and a 90% (nine in ten) chance of becoming unwell again within three years. If you need to stop taking lithium, it is best for you to come off it gradually, over at least four weeks, but preferably over three to six months. Gradually reducing the dose will make it less likely that your symptoms come back (compared to stopping the lithium quickly). If you are thinking of stopping taking lithium, then you should discuss this with your doctor. Net says unipolar is usually the depressive part of manic-depression or bipolar. You say you are taking Mirtazapine anti-depressant f
or your depression. (As a bipolar, I take 7.5 mg of Mirtazapine anti-depressant a night for my depression. Taking 15mg of Mirtazapine at night, caused my toes (muscles) to twitch 30-45 minutes after I took it, and increased my appetite to where I had to get up and eat 2-3 more snacks. So I cut back to 7.5 mg of that. You say you are on 800 mg. of Lithium. I’m on 600 mg of Lithium a night for my mania. If you’re depressive only, as a unipolar, you were put on an anti-depressant (Mirtazapine), but why were you put on Lithium, when Lithium, I’ve read, is a stabilizer which keeps the anti-depressant from throwing the client into mania? Lithium also helps, I’ve read, and is also called a stabilizer, because although it mainly helps mania, it also lessens depression. My mania was considerable. So, I’m wondering, why you are on 800 mg of Lithium (I’m on only 600mg of Lithium, and my mania was awful). Was your mania high level for a long time before they put you on Lithium? Also, when I took my first Lith
ium pill, I felt like a 100-pound weight of stress had been lifted off of my shoulders. I didn’t know I had been so tense. What were your feelings when you first started taking Lithium? Did you feel an improvement? How were you doing before you started the Lithium? Is it reasonable to believe you’ll be going back to that if you stop it? Lithium does not cure mania. It makes us think it does. In many cases, it comes back if the Lithium is stopped, so, again, the question, how were you acting before you took the Lithium? Also, why do you want to get off the Lithium? Many years ago, those were my goals also. I would ask my latest psychiatrist, when can I get off some of this medicine? One time, through a series of foul-ups, some by me, some by her, I went off Lithium all of a sudden. And my mania returned. So it’s good that you want to taper. One of the things that can happen is, the side affects of the medicine can slowly decrease, and you’ll think you’re in heaven. I did. I was out there throwing a S
tyrofoam boomerang in the front yard with my son on a bright, sun shinney day. It was perfect world. For about 24 hours. Then the anxiety attacks started coming back. As for mania, mayoclinic.org says: Both a manic and a hypomanic episode include three or more of these symptoms: • Abnormally upbeat, jumpy or wired • Increased activity, energy or agitation • Exaggerated sense of well-being and self-confidence (euphoria) • Decreased need for sleep • Unusual talkativeness • Racing thoughts • Distractibility • Poor decision-making — for example, going on buying sprees, taking sexual risks or making foolish investments Did you have that before you started taking the Lithium? These are my opinions and experiences as a bipolar, you and your doctor will have to figure this out."
175982445,? ? ? I’ve been putting stuff in his amazon cart
175982446,I think it was a panic attack. But I had taken a tablespoon of syrup when I started feeling this way. Syrup and my gabapentin.
175982447,"_PERSON_, could you please add me on snapchat? I added you. Thanks!"
175982448,"I think I have rash. Probably allergic to the meds. I’m stopping them and if it gets worse I’ll see the doctor again. It’s very itchy so I put some calamine, cooling medical liquid powder."
175982449,Bowl of chocolate frosting......
175982450,"A lot of my dreams involve me being in retail, even though I haven't worked in retail since 2016. But I constantly have dreams about trying to make sales numbers, or helping customers with ridiculous requests. Then sometimes I have bad scary dreams that aren't about retail. I rarely dream about my current job."
175982451,Could it be because the site changed domains today?
175982452,"Basically, I own my isbn now. No one can use it. And profits goto me when the book is scanned and/or sold with that specific isbn."
175982453,"Feeling okay so far today. Had some weird, PTSDish dreams. Oh well. It happens. Headphones help a lot of people with bad voices, newtus. In the state hospital, where there are a lot of treatment-resistant folks, headphones are like, key for people in soothing them wrt their voices. Might be worth looking into."
175982454,"That's a good idea, I'm sure she'll appreciate it"
175982455,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette
175982456,Here’s hoping for tonight...
175982457,I just sent her a message asking what her favorite kind of cookie is.
175982458,"Grats HT, I am sure it will look beautiful"
175982459,I feel really foggy headed today.
175982460,"_PERSON_ i definitely had tons of fun. It’s different, too, when integrated with voice chat and not just blindly running around and making gestures etc. Haha."
175982461,"Hi: First off, so sorry you are having a rough week and the symptoms that you are experiencing seem to go with it - my sympathies to you and your family. First off, how high is your heart rate? I can tell you ,it's never a good idea to be constantly checking it because that is stressful in itself and it does fluctuate. I did suffer from GERD (before surgery), and anxiety/stress can cause/make your symptoms seem worse - so it's good that you are aware of that and are watching your trigger foods. I do suffer from AFIB and SVT, but had two ablations to resolve the issues. If your heart tests are normal, I would just try and ride out this difficult time in your life. However, if your resting heart rate goes above 120-150 (mine was 220), and consistently stays there, go to the ER. _NAME_"
175982462,Yeah he's gonna do it Monday morning
175982463,"You're a good writer, w0lv3n0n3. When you're here, you're not alone. Many will see your post and some will respond. Please know that I care about you and what you're going through. Given the circumstances you describe, I would strongly suggest that you look for professional psychotherapy for yourself. You need someone in person to talk with, in addition to the friends you will make here. Please try to find someone you can meet with regularly and talk with. Even a phone counselor would be better than nothing, which is what you have now. Please let us know your progress. Wishing you all the best."
174378191,It helps me as much as anything does.
175982464,Hi there. I am not a therapist but I am in graduate school to become one. I also grew up with a mom like yours. I am 44 now. It is very hard to live with a parent that suffers from mental illness. Please remember that she loves you. This illness is very hard on the closest to them. There are some great books that helped me get through my issues because of my mom. This illness can cause serious damage to the people closest to them. I am happy to chat and help. You can survive this and be happy. Stay safe. Be well.
175982465,Yes I am off today. Thank god.
175982466,I took the atenolol & all but my evening supplements.
175982467,Black decaf coffee and a protein bar
175982468,"It's unfortunate that some people on the chat room liked to bully others. I've never used a chat room before, not here or anywhere else. I guess I don't feel the need to use them, as I've always liked commenting on forums and blogs anyway."
175982469,Not **** me mate..
175982470,"No, but you're very sweet."
175982471,Weather With You by Crowded House
175982472,"How embarrassing - I've been here 3 years and only now thought about getting my own bedding. Thank you, _AT_MENTION_ !!!"
174378201,"I think it's great that you're getting treatment from a shrink that you believe is a good one, _NAME_."
175982473,"Hi everyone, how's everyone doing?"
175982474,Morning My dad is coming over to see our new place. Then furniture delivery people come after noon sometime. Dont know the exact time. Then I have therapy at 1.
175982475,Slightly better than yesterday. Just have to keep doing it until I build some muscle memories.
175982476,"Cleaned the kitchen counters, swept floor, put a way dishes. I need to see the dentist soon. Have some tooth pain. I never did get my fillings finished when I was getting them done right before the pandemic started. So I'll call them next week and see if I can set up an appointment."
175982477,"Hello everyone. So I suffer from depression and anxiety. I always end up pushing people away, for example my ex-fiancé. He did everything for me. He was the sweetest man ever, but because of my fear of losing someone I would start to scream at him, telling him that I hated him so much, that I didn't love him anymore, etc. By doing this I felt like I was in control of the situation, and that it would hurt less if I was the one pushing him away, and not him leaving me. Well of course that drove him to leave. I know I might not be able to see him ever again, but I hope that one day he forgives me. I am trying to look for help for all these things, but everything is so expensive and I don't have that type of money right now. I've been crying non-stop, I haven't eaten since Sunday (the day he left). I'm barely able to take some water in. Yesterday I bought a pretzel at Jamba Juice and a drink. I almost threw up having that in my stomach. I hate feeling this way. I hate that I did this to him. Other thi
ngs made him leave me too, but I will write about it next time. I am a piece of shit. I don't deserve someone sweet in my life. I hate myself for everything."
175982478,We need to give you your yearly birthday spankin's!
175982479,Sweet potatoes and green beans
175982480,Piece of apple pie
175982481,"YouTube Mellefresh vs Deadmua5 - hey baby ""Hey Baby"" (Hey, baby?) What's crackin'? Who ya mackin'? Whatcha doin'? Who ya screwin'? Whatcha drinkin? Whatcha thinkin'? (Hey, baby!) Say my name Play your game Wanna do me? Wanna screw me? I'm your pet Make me wet (Hey, baby?) Don't ya stare I don't care Want some fun? Make me cum Keep it goin' Cause it's snowin' (Hey, baby?!) Tie me up Pin me down Flip me over Upside down Make me make that ****in' sound Oooohhhh Yeah baby Oh my pussys so wet, baby what you do to me drive me crazy"
175982482,"Idk why I’m sleeping so much still. Something isn’t right. I’ve been eating worse. I know when I eat bad all the time, I feel like crap. When I eat good, it gives me energy a bit. Idk idk what’s wrong man. I’m not depressed. Obviously not many. Only other thing is, I’m still fighting sleep at night."
175982483,So happy. Weighed myself and lost 1.6 lbs. 206.8 This is the lowest I have been in idk since before I moved here I think. Even though it's only a 4 pound loss. Lol.
175982484,"OMG I am so tired all the sudden. I spent a long time this morning crafting a very well thought out proposal for improving communication to upper management as we had communication training yesterday. Now I'm exhausted! I don't know if they will accept my proposal, think I'm wasting their time, or who knows what. It's hard to be vulnerable and think like, this is what we need to improve on, and this is what we are doing well at etc. Now I just want to sleep. Sooooooo tired."
174378215,"Can you develop schizophrenia or psychosis in your late 30's? From what I've read it usually starts at a younger age. I haven't been feeling myself lately and I'm concerned. Previously I didn't have any signs of a mental illness. Mental illness doesn't run in my family either. Just occasionally I'd have anxiety when something stressful would happen. I've had several medical tests done and I'm healthy. Over the past few months I've felt really anxious at times. I also get a depressed feeling mood. Occasionally I have trouble concentrating, but I'm still functioning well. Sometimes when I'm falling asleep it sounds like I'm hearing a voice or noises. I'm not sure where to get help if needed."
175982485,"Thanks! Yeah I would like to sometime. That'd be good. I was reading _PERSON_ ""Meditations on First Philosophy"" lately. It's interesting stuff. I like the modern philosophers a lot. Though I also like ancient philosophers as well. I am in a much better mood today."
175982486,"Yes, yes I did."
175982487,"Do you think it's this, or do you think it has more to do with purpose? When you're a kid you don't really have a purpose, you just grow up and learn. They just want to play and eat ice cream. When you've done that, you get a purpose: to become self-reliant, buy a house, get a partner and have kids. Then, your purpose is to raise them until they bugger off. Then what? Play golf? Spend Sundays driving slowly to garden centres? You've fulfilled your constructive purpose and have essentially become irrelevant. I don't think it's so much to do with the nearing inevitability of death, we all know people who have died young, so there are no guarantees anyway. All of our purpose, up to the point where the kids bugger off, has to do with the most important thing to all creatures: procreation. I know it doesn't apply to everyone, but generally it's what happens. You've fulfilled the only thing that really matters: the survival of your seed. After that, all that's left is tartan slippers and boiled sweets. Y
ou become a child again. Might as well play and eat ice cream."
175982488,"I’m here if you need to talk, I totally understand you, I’m going through the same problem, mom telling me I’m crazy because I don’t feel great It’s like having a weight in your chest... I can’t sleep at all... I’m here for you"
175982489,"I went back to work after like two weeks after a month long psychosis. Obviously if you Psychosis is worse it will take longer. However about 7 years later I noticed cognitive decline, I believe this is actually due to the antipsychotic in this case....I’ve been struggling with this about two years and haven’t been working. However, my doc recommended fish oil and that’s helping, I plan to go back to school and get back into the work force within the next few years."
175982490,So sorry bluebird...hugs.
175982491,Eh im damned for this. It’s my fault I’m damned for this ********. I’m damned for it all. I wanna end myself to end others suffering.
175982492,"cco321.....sorry you are having a rough day. Nothing is very easy right now, I hear you."
175982493,"I’ll definitely let you all know if I decide to open the bottle. I am reading that it is normal something that is used and works over time like an SSRI, but my doctor was kind of spinning it as something I can use in place of Xanax. Of course not to that levers but he made it seem like if I’m feeling panicked or an attack coming, the GABA will help. Has anyone heard that?"
175982494,"All the planes the fly overhead everyday make me so pissed off for some reason and paranoid , it makes me want to hide in my closet"
175982495,"It feels like I've been in this room since over a week, but it's only been maybe 3 or 4 days. And I'm supposed to be here 10 days. I need the stuff in my room, personal care and candy. I wish I could dissolve."
175982496,only carbs I really like is Rice.
175982497,"I'd like to do something for the homeless population here, but I don't know how to do it."
175982498,"I'm better with people, to a degree. On my own I find my own thoughts prevail and I become more self-involved, as my thoughts have no benchmark. Since being married, I find that I'm challenged on my ideas and told I'm bring a moron when I'm being a moron. On my own I fight more, have less control over my behaviour, take less interest and control in work and even small stuff like personal hygiene, drug and alcohol consumption. Other people act as a governor to a wildly spinning motor. Although the type of people I can tolerate for any length of time are very few."
174378234,Oh. When I was on Abilify it took 3 months to start working. I went up on the dose (pdoc rx'_NAME_) every week or two without a positive change. Luckily I got switched to something else.
175982499,"Hi _NAME_. Thank you for reaching out and thank you for your well wishes. I do check it more than I should which of course we know is never good. My heart-rate never goes that high; if I'm up and doing things it could get above 120 of course but it never goes that high resting unless I'm sitting and thinking about it. : / I will continue to try to not check it as much as possible but now that it's on my mind I know it's not the easiest thing to do. Any tips for anyone? I've looked up breathing exercises and muscle tense/release activities to help take my mind off it, but if I try exercise which a lot of people suggest, again I'm too focused on my heart to feel my rate going up and I freak out, so that isn't part of the equation right now. I just want this to all go away..Thank you for your response."
175982500,"Radical Acceptance is simply a different way of thinking. If we change the way we think we have the ability to look at a situation, person, action, etc. and see the reality of what has happened. This in no way excuses bad behavior, the actions of others, a situation or whatever the case may be. It is simply acknowledging the reality as it is. Things happen in life, good and bad. A simple phrase sums it up: It is what it is. Acknowledgement, acceptance, not blaming others or yourself is how we move forward and get ""unstuck"" in thoughts and in life. Take care."
175982501,And also my therapist always encourages me to be social and stuff.
175982502,Having that same issue with vraylar kinda. On 1.5mg I have energy but more psychosis symptoms. And at 3mg I am sleeping all day. There doesn’t seem to be a middle ground sometimes with AP’s. I’m gonna have to switch AP’s probably.
175982503,"What about yoga? There is a really good gal on youtube, Yoga with _PERSON_. Might check her out."
175982504,"So I feel like there are other people inside me. I looked into DID but I'm not sure. These people have their own distinct personalities, likes, hobbies, etc., and I know how they look and what they sound like, how old they are, their history, and so on. I can hear them talking in my head both to me and to each other. I can feel them overtake me sometimes and in those moments I will feel like I am not in control of my body or not like myself at all. When they tell me to do things, I feel like I have no choice but to follow their directions. I have hallucinated since I was a child, maybe 7 or 8 years old, and one of the people appeared when I was around 10 years old but I did not really pay attention to her until I was 12, in middle school, which was an extremely hard time for me. I also have great gaps in my memory. I'm not sure what is wrong with me or what this problem is but it is greatly affecting every part of my life. I have no access to a professional diagnosis and am not sure what to do."
175982505,Thank you so much for your help ?
175982506,I'm gonna go to the employment centre to look for jobs. The one I applied for didn't call me back.
175982507,that’s really nice… music is fun. I’m glad you enjoy playing the piano =)
175982508,My grandma is home and I’m in remission. My grandma is doing better.
175982509,You are a more true type 3 personality than me lol
174378247,I had a very productive day today. And this evening was really nice. I had a series of positive events take place. That really cheered me up. I felt sad right before taking my nap. I am much better now.
175982510,"They were amazing!!! I almost didn't go, b/c it was originally my hubs and a group of guys. I didn't want to 'Yoko up' the experience, so I passed when asked way back when he bought his ticket. However, b/c the show had to be rescheduled (_USER_ID_ health) from May to Aug...someone had to backout...so we bought their ticket which was going to go to waste. I am so glad I went! ?"
175982511,A book helped me love myself. Its called the Mastery of Love by don _NAME_. Remain strong. sending you love.
175982512,"I think the mindfulness helps me. Brings me back to the present. I just wonder why these thoughts have to come into my head to begin with. The mindfulness is such a helper to me. It is so important to keep me from getting anxious. Anxiety is the pits. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174378238,"well jeez good on you. i couldn't stomach the work. well, or i mean i couldn't mentally handle it i don't think. i guess why i think schizoids wouldn't be criminal is because the tactic is to retreat. cut themselves off as they become more stressed. i've got an aspergers relative and i feel like that is a huge difference between the disorders (other than understanding social cues). at least outwardly (i've thrown a few things in my time) but in general as i become more stressed i become more controlled, while they are the opposite. becoming more obviously frustrated. for me personally i do feel like i have heavy dissociative traits. when i hear bad news i just stop feeling and instantly get a flat affect. i'll even physically hide from others. ever since i was kid and still now. i remember a baby died in the family and i ran and hid because my mother was crying and her emotions frightened me. i didn't want her to touch me. she ran around the house looking for me while i hid under things with wide e
yes hoping she'd give up. though for whatever it's worth my _PERSON_ relative has always told me he feels i'm somewhat like him. btw, he gets that from the other side of the family. there is no autism in my genes as far as i know. i think the similarity is we react the same and sometimes share the same confusions. although i think he simply doesn't care and is incapable of understanding. while for me it's probably locked away somewhere. too stressful and therefore not worth it. with age he's gotten better as he learns. i do not learn. i just get better at avoiding. we both seem to have issues with stimuli. anyway. have you looked into the genetic link with schizophrenia? that's always been a point of interest to me. there's likely a list of disorders with genetic links in schizophrenic families. could probably make some assumptions that those disorders would be comorbid (As long as they don't cancel each other out--haha). lastly, violence for me...well i'm capable of it but it would need to be an extreme and 
unlikely event. i avoid situations like that, as i'm sure almost everyone would."
175982513,"Online dating update 6: It isn't going well because I can't go out on a date when I make $234 a week. I've been planting seeds here and there, but I'm not really getting many responses. I think half the problem is that I'm really not seeing many potential dates with good profiles that I connect with. There was 1 woman, she was 42, I felt our profiles sync'd but nothing came of it. :-/ 1) I need a better picture of myself 2) It would look better on paper if I said I had a better job All i said basically is that I'm an author but I have a day job to pay the bills, and left it at that. There was one other profile that interested me, she was definitely a reader, I mean, no one casually takes up _NAME_ for some light reading. It's one off the toughest reads in the ""Western Canon"". She hasn't responded back... but, usually they all wait until Sunday night. So we'll see!"
175982514,"Hush - Tool I don't like a lot of rap other than some old DMX, but the ex found me this song way back when he was trying to find some of his music that I'd like. I've posted it before. Even though it suits him more than me, I think the song's bouncy energy fits me atm since I've been a tad fiesty lately. Tangents: If I got fiesty when around him, not towards him (I'm not completely stupid - and it's not normally my style with people I care about), he'd just pat me on top of the head and say, ""Yeah, ok, tough guy"" After we'd been in bed once, I jumped up to go to the washroom and knocked myself off my feet by walking into a wall on my way out of the bedroom door. He gazed over, and said proudly, ""That's my girl!"" Sometimes, he used to become rather disoriented and distressed, absentmindedly pacing around while running his fingers through his hair, saying, ""How am I the reasonable one here? I'm never the reasonable one! I throw people out windows. What is happening?!"" I'm quite certain the wind
ows part is a lie, and I didn't think he was the reasonable one, but I think he liked it, so I let him have it - until my life started being turned upside down. Aside from him, I've always stayed friends with exes. It's weird because I absolutely never want to see him again, yet I like hearing that he's doing well, and I feel a little sad if I hear he's in jail or homeless or back to drinking or anything like that. Usually people matter to me - or they're dead to me; it's weird to experience some gray in relation to one of my ""black and white thinking"" patterns. _PERSON_, _NAME_ Remix"
175982515,"I'm not calling my mom a MF. I said ""MF"" because the situation was just out of nowhere. I love my mom, but shes bat crazy sometimes."
175982516,4 hours of sleep... :/
175982517,You're very welcome. If you have any questions I can help you with in your journey (because I've been there too) feel free to privately email me at _EMAIL_
175982518,"You have more than 4, Des. Way more."
175982519,"I've been sleeping 12 hours a night too, gotta wake up early for doctors appointments tomorrow though"
175982520,"If someone has both mania and depression issues, they have bi-polar disorder. But if they only have the depression and not the mania, then they'd be diagnosed with depression (otherwise known as uni-polar disorder), right?"
175982521,That’s a lesson I learned the hard way
175982522,"That sounds reasonable, I’ll see what I can do"
175982523,Number 2
175982524,"Possible trigger: I'm quite awake from the good zopiclone sleep, vyvanse and coffee. Thinking about my chemicals keeps me in a safe zone. Idk if everything is as bad as the news makes it out to be but it seems like it's affecting people to go nuts. I feel really mentally stable but the world is not stable. I could read history books and such but there's too many things to do. I'm scared that humanity isn't going to last. The economy is dead - The money I get is worth nothing now. No one has money - Rich people are fleeing to bunkers. And people are dying of suicide and drug overdoses more. Families are fighting, no one knows what's happening, people are taking advantage of the system with insurance, bank, credit card fraud, claims - Police aren't doing anything as I've witnessed with cleaning up the crack house - Can't sell it. The future of kids are gone, people aren't playing music at concerts, everyone is staying inside or spreading a virus - Second wave.. Who knows. Businesses are just trying t
o get by - Distribution of wealth and trade is altered - Things we need are not being made, people are dying either way. I hear blaring music and people shouting outside.. People are speeding in their cars, revving their engines - There's people pretending that everything's fine and I saw one guy on the news complain about people not abiding by the rules - ""They're stupid"" and all the conspiracy theorists are hiding out, posting things on the web - Too many stories - can't follow it all. We're all disconnected as hell like ants that have spread away from their nest. No one trusts the government, it's losing control, houses are gonna be worth less, people will spread crime and drugs - Just earlier this year we feared nuclear war and get distracted. It's all trends and distractions for better distractions in the moment - It's like no one can focus on everything at once so it goes around in circles.. School shootings, mental health, working from home, stock market crashes, etc.. _PERSON_"
175982525,"Ugh omg. Done. Done with everything today. Work tomorrow and the next day. Then off. _PERSON_ and I are going to Nebraska Furniture _NAME_ on Saturday. Which is like IKEA in size and affordability. Then after that, a Halloween party. Then one more week of being here. Not even. Going to see the place at 9AM on friday and sign the lease after. Then pick up the uhaul at 10am. That's next friday. Not this friday. So far all the people that are helping us is, my mom and stepdad, fiance's mom, and maybe my boss. And fiance's brother is coming Saturday to help us pick up the dog house. My dad is coming in a couple of weeks to bring some furniture from my room. Not even. Hes bringing the old futon frame that we used when him and I first moved to his house, before we had a couch and all that. I would totally keep going, but I figured I'll explain only a weeks worth. Lol."
175982526,"Got closer to finishing my short story. I was proud of the last short story I created, but this one is better I believe. I don't know how I put this together, but wow. This story is the best things I've ever created so far. Tomorrow I'll give it another read, and tweak here and there, and then send it to my publisher. Then I will begin on my Romantic anthology."
175982527,"I am probably not much help as I am trying it for the first time. I take Pristiq but just added _PERSON_ to the mix. I have been taking it for about two weeks. Surprisingly I started feeling better almost immediately. Wondering if that is for real or just because I wanted to feel better so badly. Maybe it just works quickly. If that is the case, I hope it is that way for you too. I hope you feel better soon. I was told _PERSON_ is calming. It seems to be. Maybe it will be for you too. Let us know how it goes. I took Effexor and stopped because I didn't think I needed it. I went on serzone and Remeron for a bit. Then went back to Effexor and it worked like it did the first time. Because when I went off of it, I was a total mess. So it was working and I was feeling good not realizing it was the medication. Long story actually. Take care, Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982528,Sent this to fiance “Poem I just made up for you just now The day that I met you I fell through a rabbit hole The time that had passed Was a time travel overload The new world I was in Was a voluminous air A riverbed Caked with love so rare In a moments time I fell for you deeply What I didn’t know Was what was in store to meet me A belly laugh here A bear hug there My face in your soft silky hair The fair skin I’ve seen On British princes The stature of a knight With fearless senses Let me be your one and only With this it feels so holy The love of God is spread through touch The love I feel is very much”
175982529,That’s why I adore you.
175982530,It’s too quiet here....what’s everybody up to? We’re just watching Christmas in July on Hallmark...I know it’s not to everyone’s taste but Its so peaceful.....
175982531,Wow!!!!!
175982532,3 Doors Down - Duck and Run
174378282,"Hi _NAME_, It's good to meet you. I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have lived with it for many years. In the past 8 years or so, I have wondered if I actually have schizoaffective disorder. If you feel comfortable sharing, would you mind discussing a few of the psychotic symptoms you experience?"
175982533,Having a panic attack
175982534,Ok enough of me lurking on conspiracy reddit. Now I will sit in the car and read the book on how to stop smoking.
175982535,Oh yeah and Happy New Year's lol..
175982536,Yay!!..........
175982537,Dogecoin to the moon...
175982538,"Good Morning all, I'm sleepy because I took anti-anxiety meds when I got to work. Seems that is how I get through work somedays. I SH-_NAME_ over the weekend and I really messed up. I should have gone to the hospital and got it stitched up but I didn't want to go because I was afraid I would have to do a psych eval and then I'd fail it and I'd be stuck in the hospital for 72 hours. But my arm is messed up in one place pretty bad and I'm hoping it will heal halfway okay. I don't care if it scars badly, I just don't want an infection. Luckily I had a tetanus shot earlier this year so I don't need to worry about that. I see my T next Tuesday. I wish it were this Tuesday so I could tell her about my arm. It was the battery thing. I just couldn't help it. I have zero motivation to work today, so that's not good. That's probably the anxiety meds. I just want to go home. Sigh. HUGS Kit"
175982539,"sorry bub, it's just too easy xD"
175982540,Promote finding reason to partner of your business?
175982541,One of my exes was totally spontaneous.....my T was like that’ll be good for you lol....to an extent it was making me nuts though.
175982542,Decaf coffee
175982543,Upgraded all my tools to steel
175982544,"Not me. I always like reading your posts, and I like you very much."
175982545,"The choise between going outside and staying in playing a computer game i dont really enjoy but it disconnects me from reality, i go outside and then feel like $#%^ when i have to go back inside, but i dont really have a choise there Outside is alot to hundle even without interaction"
175982546,I use butter. Half a stick of butter will make me feel like a fully charged electric toothbrush.
175982547,Think I'm getting sick. Getting a sore throat. My voice is all scratchy.
175982548,"I see my therapist and it helps. Still, having a social site to speak out always helps as one can more readily express themselves (it helps with anxiety and other things as feelings can be expressed). I like getting to know people when it's possible myself in some regard."
174378314,"My family is against me. They never were supportive during my schizophrenia or depression. Told me to shut up and they didn’t want to hear it. I heard the strangest thing the other day. I heard mom listening to something that sounded to me like a computer program mocking the things I wrote in my journal that day. I have searched electronic harassment and a video came up with items that can make you insane, like headphones. I think it’s people with evil hearts and evil intent."
175982549,I’m tired a bit
175982550,"I've always been hesitant to join a community like this one, but I've been struggling with feeling understood, and my therapist suggested I try this out, so here I am. I've struggled with anxiety all my life, and last year during my Sophomore year of college, things came crashing down. I've been steadily improving, but I'm still not where I'd like to be. I have a lot of ups and downs -- two really good weeks and then suddenly a crash. I try to use strategies that my therapist gives me, but sometimes it's hard to really stay committed to them when I'm caught up in the moment. My friends and girlfriend have been trying to help me, suggesting new strategies and such, but it often feels like they don't get how hard I'm already working and they don't suffer from mental health issues, so I don't feel that they really understand. But, they are always willing to talk to me (my girlfriend especially) and they have been majorly important on my journey. Sometimes, though, I feel like... like I'm taking up the
ir time I guess? Like I'm a burden, or that they don't really want to be helping me? It's just really hard to deal with all of this, and all the virus stuff going on makes it so much worse -- can't leave the house, can't be on a normal routine and all that. I guess all this is to say that I want to try reaching out to other people who are struggling with the same stuff. Maybe it will help me feel less alone."
175982551,I've been looking all over for hot pickles at the liquor stores. Finally found one down the street.
175982552,I really really really appreciate that bb. I really do!
175982553,I am currently reading “Stillness Flowing” The life and teachings of Ajahn Chah. A simple monk and later a teacher in Thailand and he had such a impact on Buddhist teachings in the west through his students and their students as well.
175982554,Didn’t mean to but I took a nap
175982555,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175982556,"I was feeling insecure today about my performance at work, so I asked the controller for feedback. She told me I'm fantastic and she tells everyone how bright I am. That made me feel ridiculously good. I'm trying to not let my insecurities show at work, but sometimes they do get the better of me. I'm glad she reassured me."
175982557,"I have someone in my head that is more mindful lately. He says ""Do this when you're finished this, do that, do this"".. It helps.. I'm a long ways away from ever realizing true wisdom - It's like I need to go BACKWARDS.. and learn everything backwards.. Or I'm just normal and everyone figures things out like I am now.. So it's like - ""No you have to realize THIS"" and I'm like ""Ah ok I understand.."".. And it's just a thing that we're going though.. Like cattle.. What happens in the end? Well I suppose it's like waving your hand through a fountain of water.. Your hand is wet and that is life.... Don't mind me.. Carry on..."
175982558,"Some facts (more follow): 1. Augsburg, the year 1998, I am a Humboldt Research Fellow, one postdoc girl (now professor) asked me if “they” were in contact with me, claiming that the form of contact is very unusual if not bizarre, but they are very nice guys/girls and this is necessary to prevent new world war. My reaction (not shown up): What does she speak about? A very strange but anyway nice girl. 2. September 1999, 12-th Smoluchowski Symposium on Statistical Physics, Zakopane, Poland. Awaken at the night because of a loud chatting in the neighboring room discussing a new epochal discovery (new Copernican revolution) which Poles did and are very proud of. Interesting, what is this? Very bizarre (what I heard) and sounds like a child fantasy. 3. 3rd European Biophysics Congress in Munich, 9-13 September 2000. Talk at the conference dinner with a small group of Russian-speaking Israeli participants who claimed to be (their country) in a possession of the weapon of the entirely new kind, aimed 
at the mind control, which outperforms all weaponry known before. They promised to be always in a very close contact, chatting and laughing about that one cannot avoid or refuse such a contact. At that time, I did not grasp what they meant. My very first reaction: either crazy or stupid, very bizarre, one should drink less beer, anyway. 4. March 2001, Airport Seattle, awaiting a flight to Washington DC (short visit to National Institutes of Health, Bethesda). I was an invited speaker at the March Meeting of the American Physical Society. My very first personal encounter with V2K, I suppose, a very bizarre experience, some voices suddenly emerge directly in the center of your head, and chatter about you. Scary. I turned back, they were a Chinese looking girl keeping a flat device in her hands directed at me and a man who said: We have his frequency. Indeed, for realizing V2K via a thermoelastic acoustic mechanism one has to find first the main acoustic frequency of the resonator made by your head. For a resona
tor of a very complicated form such as your head this can be done only empirically. The amplitude of acoustic wave excited at this resonant frequency (in the range from 7 to 10 kHz for a human head) is maximal and it can easily exceed the human hearing threshold already for small microwave intensities. Then, one can realize an amplitude modulation of this main acoustic frequency via modulation of the microwave pulse duration, read here and pay attention to Eq. (1), which perfectly works empirically even for very complex resonators. How to transmit intelligible sound via this mechanism is explained here. I was then extremely disturbed and scared. However, I was not systematically harassed by those ever buzzing “poison flies” in this way until about autumn 2002. In Bethesda, I was asked about if “they” were already in contact with me (implying again, a very bizarre way of contact, now I know which one), and I should not be afraid because “they” are nice people. 5. April 2001, MPIPKS, Dresden, Intern
ational Workshop on Physics of Information and Synchronization in Stochastic Dynamics. I am an invited speaker. One German professor in a private talk asks me a bizarre question: If one can use for the goodness of mankind the results of Nazi medical experimentation on human subjects done by _PERSON_, _PERSON_, and a bunch of other sadists at German concentration camps. There are allegations, which I think are correct, that the first experiments with microwaves on human subjects were done in the Nazi concentration camps. Soon after, a Ph.D. student from his group was hospitalized for hearing voices in his head. His life was ruined. I presume that he was one of the victims of illegal V2K experimentation on human subjects done at German Universities currently (military research related to mind control, criminal abuse of neurosciences). 6. I myself am tortured almost continuously using this (V2K or silent voice), or another kind of sadistic inhuman weaponry since about autumn 2002, with some interruptions (e.g. f
rom about spring/summer 2012 till about autumn 2013). A postdoctoral fellow warned me in Augsburg that those beasts are going to make me a Manchurian candidate. Indeed, German and other Western countries secret police use it to control Universities, in a cooperation with criminal community gangs (community gangstalking), the tactics they use starting from the Nazi times, now abusing new technology. This gang stalking Nazi tactics has been further deleveloped by FBI within COINTELPRO program and achieved de facto the level of a systematic use demolishing the very foundations of the democratic system. Interestingly, after they stopped for a while I had tinnitus for a certain time period. The frequency of the tinnitus tone I heard was consistent with an estimate of the ground frequency of the acoustic resonator of human head about my size, which corroborates the hypothesis on the abuse of microwave auditory effect. I am psychologically very robust and those criminals cannot achieve their goals. However, many peo
ple committed suicide or got crazy, and many others died because of various incurred illnesses including cancer. In my opinion, the opinion of one of the years long tortured victims, those suicides cannot be considered as suicides. They are, in fact, sadistic murders and the German and other Westnern governments are responsible for these severe crimes against humanity, which presumably take their origin in inhuman experimentation on human subjects done at German concentration camps and afterwards within MKULTRA program of CIA and COINTELPRO program by FBI in the USA. This explains also why from about 350 German Nazi doctor sadists practically nobody, with a very few exceptions, was punished. I am convinced that many of them continued their crimes in the USA thanks to the Operation Paperclip, and some probably in the Soviet Union, where a mind control related research was also conducted. As a matter of fact, we have sadistic beasts at power. This is like a hidden anonymous _PERSON_ continues to rule. Devil is 
here and it wears a christian mask. NSA Whistleblower _NAME_ confirms the use of this sadistic weapon to oppress scientists. Dr. _NAME_ is one of the victims. Unfortunately, many dishonest scientists participate in this criminal activity, at least passively, and for this they are granted permanent positions in science – my very personal experience. Those conspired fascists (sorry, “crystally clear democrats” par excellence, and secret adepts of _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ united) need security guards and kapos in this modern Electronic Concentration Camp gradually extending to the size of our planet, and not the scientists. We scientists are dangerous for them, as we understand what they really are. These kapos are carefully selected. This is a reason why the scientists of my stature are either underemployed or do not have a job at all. This is also one of the reasons why dishonest behavior in science became the norm, and cheaters or simply much less qualified and even stupid people do obtain permanent positi
ons. I am ready to provide a compelling evidence for this. For sure, this is politics, a suicidal politics. The very fact that the proportion of permanent professorial positions in science dropped in Germany below 10% confirms this. Their goal is clear: To reduce the number of independent and clever people capable to resist to the New Electronic Totalitarianism coming, to a total suppression of the human and civil rights and our freedom, which they are preparing for us. For this, they use electronic weapon to assault and kill us as humans. We are threatened much more by these corrupted inhuman “poison flies”, which de facto dominate, than by the islamic terrorism. They are the major threat to our civilization. Civilizations fall normally because of an intrinsic failure, when the Corrupted, Dishonest, and Stupid start to dominate, because of the home made barbarians and sadists, because of an intrinsic failure and decline. The Western civilization right now cuts its own roots. 7. I highly suggest you to re
ad the Chapter 1 “Torture Lab” of the _NAME_s “The Shock Doctrine”, and to account for the following facts: (1) MKULTRA type sadistic experimentations on human subjects were allegedly renewed after 9/11 (if they were ever stopped). (2) There are reasons to believe that many of the completely innocent prisoners of Guantanamo Bay (including Germany-born _PERSON_) were victims of these experiments. This might explain the sudden rise of such terrorist organizations as Islamic State because such or similar interrogation methods “Use a clean baton or other instruments to penetrate the detainee male or female. Simultaneously comment with degrading opinions of their body. This will increase the trauma”, see on p. 168 in the Project: Soul Catcher, v. II, by _NAME_, in a combination with the sadistic methods of mind control, can produce a whole army of terrorists from even completely innocent people after all. (3) Some high-ranking German officials were involved in the _PERSON_ case. And my case is even wor
se than the case of _PERSON_. It is about apologists of mass murders and hidden proponents of Electonic Concentration Camps, Brainwashing and Mind Control, illegal experimentations on human subjects, and simply corrupted fascistic sadists and criminals who are de facto at power, not being elected, but tolerated, and I believe supported by some high-ranking governmental officials."
174378325,I haven’t been able to get Clozapine and I can’t afford a high dose of CBD. Extremely annoyed but hey at least I have a new damn case manager right now because my old one “left”.
175982559,I feel hopeless
175982560,"I'm quite proud of my pancreas. You should see it. It's awesome. Not proud to be schizoid, whatever that means, but I am proud to not be a common sheep. Proud of my autonomy, which by the way is different than my penchant for reclusiveness."
175982561,under a tornado warning. Pretty dark outside.
175982562,"Un**** Your Brain: Using Science to Get Over Anxiety, Depression, Anger, Freak-outs, and Triggers by Faith _PERSON_"
175982563,"(_PERSON_), I think the editor or moderator is changing my words so I will try to correct any changes or mistakes as I am made aware of them. Thank you"
175982564,True yes. I guess I was referring to the fire tablets that didnt get good reviews. Soz. Idk if I should get a fire tablet or just the plain ol kindle ereader. Itd be nice to have apps on there. Like if I need to look up something. But idk. People are saying it's slow etc. Eh. Idk. I'm on the fence.
175982565,"My sister is acting like a child I swear to god. She can’t work retail anymore. She doesn’t have the money to go to school. She’s been unemployed for like two years. She was working with this agency to pay for her to go back to school that but that’s become paused because of COVID. So she just sits and plays video games all day. Looks at her phone. We pay for her stuff. We pay all the bills. She doesn’t even look for a job she could work at. If we try to talk to her about it it becomes an argument. Money is getting tight. I’m helping out as much as I can. I considered getting a second job to help out, and she’s not even looking for a first job. I just can’t stand it. It just annoys the hell outta me. Sigh. I gotta go run some errands and then study."
175982566,"My coworker said it didn't look bad though. She didn't say it looked good, but she said it didn't look bad!"
175982567,"So I JUST learned today that nintendo was founded in 1889. I thought it was a typo on wiki or a joke, because that can happen and I catch those very often. But it's not. Apparently nintendo was founded in 1889 as a Japanese playing card company. Very cool! And I just text messaged Nintendo because I need support on my account. Cool that you can text message them ."
175982568,Are you feeling any better? I'm sorry you had to change your plans.
175982569,"Anyone have any suggestions for good animated movies? They could be from any time, as long as they're available on DVD"
175982570,I should stick to writing my blog. Or make a new blog with certain niches. I want to find a way to make money from ads as well. Any tips _AT_MENTION_?
175982571,that is so wrong and insentive of him
175982572,"all except this trait - 'Extreme distress, anxiety, and sadness about the society they live in, or the overall state of the world' I think spd would not feel this, but then one could argue that it is because they feel it intensely that their defence mechanism is, to shut down from feeling it. or perhaps it is that 'emptiness' the monks aspire to having but some don't quite get there; unlike the Dalai Lama who comes across as someone enthralled with life( smiling and happy)."
175982573,"Hey, I'm better now. Takes about an hour to get over my medication nausea in the morning. My head feels fine too. I just went to get my oil changed at the dealership. They closed at 1pm on Saturdays! Ugh!"
175982574,"I just looked at your profile SP, over 20,000 posts ... holy hell ... I need to try to get out of my head and post here more often. Lol."
175982575,Introverted ADHD..
175982576,"Glad you're doing well! Sorry about the back pain, I hope you're able to lose the weight , I'm trying to lose as well. I know it's hard."
175982577,"Is working helpful for people disabled with depression? I only want to work 3 hours per week. I worked part-time for many years and it was helpful. But in the later years, the job turned into a sweatshop and there was workplace bullying. Then I wasn't able to work at all the past several years because of this. I think I would like to get a part-time job again now, 3 hours per week, and my doctor supports it."
175982578,"There is talk of ""Schizoid Thinking / Withdrawal / Fantasy,"" and then there's talk of ""Maladaptive Daydreaming"" I'm wondering how people differentiate between the two, and whether dissociation fits into the Schizoid one all."
175982579,Ever have someone listen to you but not hear you? And they can have a perfectly wonderful email reply but still miss the point. Sigh.
175982580,"Some small sketches Attached Images IMG_2828.jpg (198.5 KB, 11 views) IMG_2827.jpg (215.0 KB, 12 views) IMG_2829.jpg (189.1 KB, 12 views)"
175982581,I mean that it's OK to feel this way because at least it's not apathetic/anhedonic depression. Maybe it's the weed. I'll try going 30 days just meds @ SP but it's hard
175982582,Just ordered some Nutella Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982583,"I definitely experience worse anxiety in the AM. I assume because of higher cortisol levels. Today I woke up early on ""high alert "" -- felt like a cortisol rush. Very uncomfortable. I wanted to go back to sleep but clearly that was not happening. So I got up and walked a couple of miles outside. REALLY did not feel like doing that, but it did make me feel a little bit better. Not good, but better."
175982584,I’m so sorry _NAME_!
175982585,I eat edibles with cbd and thc in them I like it but I would never tell anyone to take weed !
175982586,"These are definitely trying times for those of us with depression. I finally broke down and went to my doctor and asked for meds. We are trialing the second one, as the first gave me terrible nausea and vomiting and uncontrollable tremors. So far this one is ok. But meds alone can't help. I've been looking online for resources and really like Dr. _NAME_ Self Compassion. It's kind of a guided journaling. It takes a lot of effort and daily practice, something I'm sure that like me, you may not feel motivated to do. I started out doing a little bit once a week, and found it cumulatively helpful. I started wanted to do more. I especially love the exercise wherein I write myself a letter as though I'm talking to myself as a child, with love and understanding. very powerful for me. I love to write, so this type of journaling is useful for me. A friend of mine likes to draw her stuff out like a story. I have asked a few of my closest friends to be a part of a safety net for me, asking them to check in on 
me more frequently and maybe sometimes come and talk. I had to explain that I was feeling bad enough to not feel safe all the time, not safe from myself. They were so supportive. I still need a counselor, but I'm not having much luck either. We are all in this mire together. I hope you find some relief, however small it may be. Peace. <3"
175982587,I give you tons of credit!!!!!
175982588,"Dr finally called back yesterday, but I was working and by the time I called him back, he was gone for the day. So... The Wonderful game of phone tag has commenced! He is currently IT, let's see how long before he tries to tag back."
175982589,oops I forgot you were super smart SP thanks I didn't know any of this stuff
175982590,Just had a chocolate chip cookie.
175982591,Thanks for the warning!
174378367,I take 4 fish oil pills a day. Fish oil pills have EPA and DHA in them. 30% of the brain is made out of DHA! People with schizophrenia have low dopamine in the frontal lobe of the brain. DHA increases dopamine in the frontal lobe which regulates negative feedback in the back part of the brain to stop hallucinations and helps regulate mood.
175982592,What kind of donuts? I’ve been craving pumpkin donuts lately. With a cup of coffee. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982593,Work was crazy af. Crisis calls at work.
175982594,Wow! That's scary! Glad you are okay!
175982595,I can relate. I had a close call myself yesterday.
175982596,Yep i too have seen it. I have told my shrink once or twice. HT.
175982597,"No but I never get a notification for new posts. This is weird. Oh well, maybe _PERSON_ is doing something strange."
175982598,"Sorry about the headache, the covid and the football"
175982599,"Exhaustion just hit me out of nowhere, feel like I’m about to fall asleep"
175982600,Ate 2 hotdogs and having a Dr Pepper. Yep this is super healthy. Meal of a champion!
175982601,TT take your hand off it. Let me guess you were raised in a negative household and learned to be! Not every person who has been raised in negative homes turns out having a learned behavior of negativity! If Anything many are the most positive because of it! HT I am. I was raised in trauma a d abuse.
175982602,Have you eaten anything?
175982603,"If u keep looking, you can. It says the field of study will be on your transcript. Amongst other things like that. You choose a field of study. Plus the financial aid yes u can"
175982604,I've had voices since before 8. So It freaked me out when they got quieter with an AP. I didn't know they were voices. I thought I had migraines when they were loud. One of the voices I considered my best friend (toxic friend but friend non the less) I still miss her and the voice that defended me from her. So yes I have/had similar experience. With medication they're less and then I can use therapy to deal with everything else.
175982605,"Took a break from painting today. I have this big picture’s frame, around 30-40 cm. Want to make it a decoration but not sure what to fill it with. I don’t want to put an ordinary picture in it."
175982606,"Obviously the pain in my back is real but I went to ER just for them to tell me it was nothing. I feel like a fool. And that’s when hypochondria becomes an issue, going to the ER over I think I’m dying or something."
175982607,"Me, too!!"
175982608,"Bluebird, our stats are almost the same, joined 2013 and nearly 20,000 posts...."
175982609,"Bik31, how old was your brother when he passed away?"
175982610,Went ahead and got the flu shot
175982611,She works at an urgent care clinic now. I just looked it up. I couldn't remember.
174378395,Oh I'm not taking it for sleep so I shouldn't have any issues Oddly enough it's the Abilify that makes me super tired during the day
175982612,"I recently got 5mg of Lexapro added to my other antidepressant. I felt better almost immediately. So I think it must be fast acting. My psychologist said it is kind of calming. Maybe that is why your anxiety was lifted. I hope it works well for you... And like _PERSON_ stated. It might be a placebo effect, but if you feel better that is great! Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982613,Hi again. I took my prescribed & supplements.
175982614,Yeah I shouldn't have drank that alcoholic beverage last night. I felt nice but then got depersonalization and couldn't process anything as fast as I normally could (It was more like 10% cognition). Which is scary.. cuz I could stick that way forever possibly.. I'm good now though. Had a nice sleep - Although found it really hard to wake up. I'm going to a farmers market to look around and buy some stuff cuz my mom wants me to buy some Guatemalan coffee (I'm drinking some right now). I swear that I'm so dependent on coffee now that the Vyvanse barely works for physical tiredness.
175982615,So cute!!!
175982616,"After a long time of believing that my anxiety was “just anxiety,” I have come to the realization that it is OCD. Have you done ERP, which is apparently the “ gold standard” treatment for OCD?"
175982617,Love this!
175982618,I'm sleeping half the day on my new med dosage. I tried setting an alarm but I sleep through it. I think the extra sleep is making me feel rundown and lethargic even more. Idk what to do.
175982619,You okay _PERSON_? Can you take a benzo or something? It sounds like your meds aren't working well
175982620,Thanks _PERSON_
175982621,"It's ok to have 1-2 beers while boating. Smoke a little weeeeed. Enjoy life with chemicals. Because all we are, is chemicals. Love, eating food, looking at scenery, all chemical reactions in the brain. I woke up at 5pm. Too late to take vyvanse so I'm tired af. But I'm going for a 5 hour hike tomorrow so I'm waking up at 9am."
175982622,"I’m stopping the Wellbutrin. I see my doctor Thursday afternoon but I honestly can’t go one more day with this anxiety, it’s to the level of Possible trigger: having thoughts of sui I don’t think my doctor will be upset with me. I’ve done this in the past when having really bad side effects with meds and stopping them on my own if it’s severe enough. She usually trusts my judgement since I know what I can and can’t handle. And this is just too much."
175982623,That's why I don't want my injection
175982624,"About humanism. https://www.facebook.com/PhilosophyOver ... 622275835/ It was quite known in Europe 50 years ago, and fairly accepted concepts. The only thing is that talking about the death of Man was quite premature. Its still premature even today, and people certainly won't do it only to be ""free""."
175982625,"I'm so tired. I want to sleep but I need to be up for when my sister stops by Have an appointment with my psychiatrist Thursday. Not much to report, I'm doing very well"
175982626,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette and pizza
175982627,You've got this!!!
175982628,I failed on my 30 days painting everyday challenge. It’s okay we can try again Or we can find a more approachable challenge ?
175982629,"Thanks. But I'm sure if I CHOSE a 10% taper, he might accommodate me. Its just that previously, when I tried a taper, the 20% sudden drop just caused my entire sleep structure collapse. I had to go back on it to resume my sleep patterns."
175982630,"OMG falcon, your worst fears confirmed..... Ok little cbt tip. You can ignore if you want but it helps me. Remember this moment and whether it was as bad as you thought when you had anxiety anticipating it. Sure it’s bad but is it as bad as worrying for a week? Next time you’re having anxiety over a future outcome think of it...."
175982631,"-That God would take care of me if I stopped my meds. That he was telling me to stop them and trust in him instead. -That “men in black” were coming to take me away. -That the walls had eyes. -That demons were talking to me in my sleep. That my grandmother was being tortured in hell (demons told me this in my dreams, said that EVERYONE goes to hell in the end) - That people were going to secret meetings about how to kil me and were spying on me and talking about me. (This was a psychotic episode a while back) -That I was being sent messages in fortune cookies. I cant remember anything else. My delusions seem to blur into each other and become just one giant experience of messed upness. I hallucinate more than I am delusional."
175982632,Antipsychotics! They make us tired... So we're tempted to tweak.... It is only natural. Damn risperidone that I was prescribed when I was 16.. The voices were gone.. But I wasn't even bothered by them...
175982633,"I tried that before , it's really good"
175982634,What do you do to get through bad mental health days? I want to hear everyone’s favorite and most helpful ways they boost their mood!
175982635,Are you taking an antipsychotic?
175982636,"Yeah, it's quite far away... BUT I would rather have the devs deliver a polished product than something incomplete or buggy. It's like the game No Man's Sky. Full of promises, but failed on soooo many fronts... What a disappointment. Thank god I never bought it... although I'm not really into that kinda game anyways. _NAME_ Nukem Forever, The Order 1886, Forager, etc. had similar issues. In fact, _PERSON_ is probably the worst because apparently it has many different bugs, all of which can corrupt your save file. So people were playing it for like 10+ hours and then all their progress was lost."
175982637,Bb did that
175982638,Hey guys! Had a good day. Went out shopping with my husband the kids. The boys got all their summer stuff and I got my daughter all those crappy things that are no fun to pay for...like bras lol. Took freaking forever for my husband to decide between dark gray and medium gray... Now I’m just doing doing laundry and hanging out.
175982639,Yes I did today!
175982640,My sister is actually setting me up with someone she had worked with in the past who runs the peer specialist training program so I'm going to be taking classes for that instead of volunteering since most places aren't taking volunteers right now due to Covid
175982641,"Yeah, I can only reaffirm and echo the sentiments already expressed. For some mental issues, looking down the barrel of a lifetime of taking medications, especially as a teenager, can be very hard to face, but really the hardest part is coming to the realization that medications HELP but don't cure these things. With anxiety, it's not like bipolar or other more extreme conditions.. it's entirely possible to come off the medications after they help bring you to a more stable place to resolve the issues you're having.. Don't think about how long you're taking medications as you get into them or else you might come off too quickly and then have to be put back on them, go through it all again, and all that can be a rough way to go. 9 times out of 10 people have greater complications by trying to quit the medications too soon.. often blaming the medications for their problems (second guessing) only to struggle for a very long time if not the rest of their lives mostly just because they're being stubborn
. Please don't be like that! Try to find a medication with minimal side effects.. Yes, your doctors and nurses will listen to you if you have serious side effects - there are many types, take them religiously, and only deviate with your psychiatrists' permission to do so.. and work with a therapist, under a better, medicated state of mind, to resolve whatever underlying problems are causing you so much stress. The medications make it easier to get well.. they're not the cure. And if you do ever truly find your dragons, may they actually be as dangerous to grapple as a newborn kitten! ;)"
175982642,Ok I'm gonna message u.
175982643,For lunch I had macaroni and cheese and an apple.
174378443,"I do have first degree relatives with Major Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety. I would also work myself hours and hours even without being paid OT. I would believe I was expert at certain things, so wrong. Also sexual risks. I'm difficult in relationships. 12"
175982644,You're definitely welcome here _AT_MENTION_ !
175982645,Yeah it's weird how we can still write normally.
175982646,"My psychiatrist put my Invega injection to ""Every 28 days"" so I didn't get my injection today and I'll get it next week. I picked up the 120x 25mg Seroquel and 20x 5mg olanzepine. Now I get to feel good for a week Unless horrors come.. then I'll take the olanzepine.."
175982647,I've had a lot less panic attacks since I stopped drinking coffee
175982648,Beautiful!
175982649,"I'm extremely inspired by this song about depression > YouTube I was playing it on piano for an hour until my mom came home. I showed her what I learned and she says that she hopes that I keep doing this. I was able to play it for an hour because I took an extra vyvanse and it allowed me to hyperfocus. I don't take an extra one often (Maybe once a month). I was feeling spaced out and irritable today which is why I took it. I was waiting for the weed to wear off cuz I couldn't feel the music. Now I'm feeling ok and happy with myself that I could play a bit of this song. I'm gonna try and learn how to play the whole song. When I'm playing, I remember what I've learned easily because I have a good short term memory. I feel like I'm a genius when I play an instrument. I can play by ear and I'm so intuitive. It's amazing. Really therapeutic and makes me feel like there's nothing wrong with my mind at all.. More like I have a really powerful mind when it comes to music.. #Autistic savant... I have a real 
talent with music. I played piano when I was a kid and guitar when I was a teenager. I wish I stuck to it. I don't stick to things.."
175982650,I have enough food to last me the next two weeks. Then when my money comes in I'll have to go shopping again
175982651,Just watched a movie Possible trigger: really freaked me out because it had a suicide scene and brought back vivid memories of the night I attempted suicide 11 years ago
175982652,"My second fave melon, after cranshaw!!!!!!"
175982653,"Being busy and surrounding by people can save us from almost all problems of depression and anxiety. These all are only a temporary solution and is not possible in every situation. You have to acquire courage and mental control for solving problems independently. I am also attending treatment for PTSD over 1 year. My therapist is doing his maximum to regain my courage to face challenging situations. Before attending the counselling, I lost all my hopes and thought to kill myself. Using the tips from my therapist, I'm hoping I can come to my life with a more positive attitude. I strongly believe it would help if you continued your CBT. Don't lose hope. Everything will be okay in one day.Post Edited (evchris) : 2/22/2021 10:29:30 PM (GMT-7)"
175982654,I’ll finally be able to make my mom’s homemade meatballs and spicy Italian sausage with pasta. How are you doing _AT_MENTION_ ? Yeah I really needed new shoes. The ones I have I have had for like 2 years.
175982655,"Hello.A few weeks ago i posted that I had a lot of side effects with Seroquel and with Latuda.It s been two weeks that I have been on Risperidone and I feel really good.I started out with one half of .05 mg and was supposed to go up to .05 after a week .I decided to stay on one half of .05 for another week just to make sure that my body was accepting this drug. I will stay on one half of .05 for as long as I feel that I do not have to go up to .05mg.This is a very small dose and so far, the only side effect is insommia so, instead of taking it at night I take it with my breakfest.This drug has a possibility of a long list of side effects so, if it keeps working at the smallest dose that I can take,so be it."
175982656,I hope it goes very well!
175982657,Thank you. The breathing exercise is helping. A do a lot of prayers this been helping me a lot. I am very careful on what i been eating because it seems that the food I am eating also affects the anxious feeling.
174378453,"Perphenazine is an old one. Blocks dopamine receptors (D2). That wouldn't be what I need - Although I'm not sure because Abilify agonizes D2 receptors and I was extremely paranoid. Right now for me, Invega Sustenna is working really well (Much better than Abilify) and olanzepine is a really good PRN for me."
175982658,"Hello, I encourage you to stand on what you know about this young man and to fully accept that he is what you want and that your life is for you. You live for you not for your parents. While I know they love you and you love them understand who you marry is a VERY important decision and one that is for you to take hold of and do. While your parents might not approve they will not stop loving you. What you want is reasonable and in time your parents will come around. Wanting to please our parents is a natural feeling but know that God loves you and He does not say anything about your parents choosing your husband. As a matter of fact scripture says that a man will leave his parents and cleave to his wife And the two shall become one. Man in this scripture is not just “male” but us as women too. We leave our parents and join with our spouse. You have sound judgment. You are intelligent, you deserve happiness and love. Pray to God and I can pray on your behalf if you do not wish to. But God’s ac
ceptance is the only one you need. It goes before even your parents’ acceptance. And God accepts you just as you are, as you lean on Him he will give you peace despite what anyone else tries to tell you. Stay positive and know who you are."
175982659,I can't figure out how to have a normal relationship with money....
175982660,"hi all, sorry to bother people but things are getting bad again. the voices have come back and they are telling me what to do. im loosing track of time and during this time i suppose i am doing the things that the voices are telling me to do. im seeing the demons in my room again and they are following me. im getting really scared. I feel like I'm loosing touch with reality and i just dont know what to do. any kind words of encouragement or any advice will help I suppose. thank you m"
175982661,I’m getting really tired of the pandemic. I’m lucky in lots of ways — including because I have a good job and can work from home. And I don’t have Covid! But I feel like the lock down is increasing my anxiety. I guess that’s true of many people.
175982662,"I need to pump u up.. Do the surgery. Fight the good fight! All doctors are trusted... Then you take pain, killlerrrrsss Then it's all good. No more pain. A little pain for the right reasons is good.. It means you're healing.. We need to sacrifice things and face dangers to live.. Some have it easier than others.. You don't right now.. You will live and you will live ecstatically! Little exercise.. Or a lot.. No carbs just fatty meats and no sugar.. The good life starts now and you'll be looking back at the surgery after facing it with your wills to fight the madness of reality...... And you won't go psychotic.. Because you understand what is happening..."
175982663,None of my supplements yet.
175982664,Lust for life - _NAME_ ft The _PERSON_
175982665,Have fun! Learn all things!
175982666,I've never been on an injectable medicine so pardon my ignorance.....is it smoother? Or does it sort of taper out at the end when you are ready for another dose? I wish I could take my meds by injection. It would be so much easier than remembering them every day.
175982667,"Kinda craving pizza, the bf tried to order pizza on Saturday from the app but only ended up with sides and not the actual pizza because the app was so confusing....anyway now I want pizza."
175982668,Oh wait no. _PERSON_. Happy birthday!
175982669,"Me too. I am still grieving the loss of being able to be abroad this year. It hit me pretty hard, to say the least."
175982670,Quell the _NAME_
175982671,"**_USER_ID_ after reading over this i get it looks like such useless, first world problems with bragging on the side but i just needed somewhere to vent my feelings, no matter how over dramatic they are ah i'm cringing**** I've always been good(ish) at school and never awful at making friends. On the whole, my teachers like me as well. However, I've always been extremely socially anxious and awkward, which has been easy to cover up by acting extroverted and making jokes but recently I'm finding it more and more difficult to mask. This is probably due to the intense pressure i am putting myself under for my medical application that has to be submitted september 2019 (i'm 17) Any friend that I've told about this has been completely thrown off that I am even slightly anxious, and I've never told anyone how depressed I can get/have previously been. This is partly due to my increasing paranoia that everyone secretly dislikes me, finding me boring/annoying/rude. I used to be able to talk to anyone apart 
from almost 2 years ago, when I had what I can see now was a depressive episode. I'm terrified it's returning, especially now my social anxiety is becoming so unbearable that is rendering me incapable of leaving the house by myself. I've been trying to avoid this by making sure I have plans with different friends every day this summer, aswell as packing my schedule with hospital work experience and summer schools- but now I think this is just contributing to the burnout. My self-esteem is also at an all time low and I can't look in a mirror without thinking how disgusting I look. I was scouted by a top modelling agent on instagram a few weeks ago but got turned down when I sent my natural looking side profile and head shots because I 'didn't fit the look', and I think that has a big part to play in why my self image has taken a particularly massive hit. I also have a 'bestfriend' (who I am very much doing my best to distance myself from) who frequently likes to remind me how she thinks she is the sexy, fun an
d social one by bringing me down and constantly telling me I am the opposite of that. None of my bestfriends like her at all anymore because of this, however the effect of her over the past year has caused me a massive amount of stress. long story short, I am just feeling so suffocated by life right now that I really don't know how I can go on much longer without driving away all my friends, no matter how many signs that they give to try and tell me they like me. I know it's all in my head but really I am certain they all secretly find me boring and too passive aggressive to hang out with but are just all too afraid to say it because they think everyone else liked me. This is a really long, ranty and extremely pessimistic post which is entirely the reason it's anonymous. If anyone I know in real life found this, nothing would be the same and, without being dramatic, I would be ruined hahaha. kind of a last resort because I really feel as though I've got a one way ticket to rock bottom. I just thought that wri
ting this would be quite cathartic i dont knowwwwww Post Edited (eelpie1) : 8/13/2019 1:47:50 PM (GMT-6)"
175982672,"Hello eybaddict, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about coping with flash backs in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Coping With Flash Backs We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175982673,"I've barely been on social media of any kind, and even on here, the past week. I'm literally or was going through so much. I still kinda am. Especially if this job comes thru. I'm excited. I hope I get it. Idk. I'm just stressed out."
175982674,"This month has been an actual nightmare for me So many things to worry about. Tons of stress. Tons of things I need to do before the 29th . Tons of insomnia and depression and sui ""just F it"" thoughts. Tons of anger and rage. And feeling like just hiding forever. Sleep. I have no air conditioning in my car or my home at the moment. I broke down and spent what lil money I had left on a box fan I'm totally broke as in...no money for anything....food...gas....nothing Idk what I'm going to do, I feel that I am in a very dark place It feels like literal Hell , what with the extreme heat and all! The only thing keeping me going is moving into the condo on June 6. The knowledge that THIS IS TEMPORARY. _PERSON_ signing out @ 5:05am est"
175982675,I'm afraid that my heart will stop if I drink wine after drinking an energy drink
175982676,Mississippi always gets a bad rap on everything but they have been ahead of the game on the vaccines. I had both by Feb 19. Our local small town hospital had their plan and rolled. The line never stopped except for the injection. So pleased. They have dropped down to 50 and up and teachers. I feel so much better after having mine. I have a 4 month old grand that I want to protect. My husband is nervous about it. Go figure. Anyways most of the chains and even the small pharmacy’s have the vaccines here. Call around. Heck we had Louisiana people coming over here. Our governor dropped the mask mandate last week. Not sure I’m on board for that yet. We only had 70 new cases today and zero deaths. Our numbers have come down finally.
175982677,My focus has gone to shite
175982678,"Do you believe your thoughts are being broadcasted to the tv, radio, or just any or everybody?"
174378482,"This to _PERSON_ in response to her reply to this post this morning. I know we have exchanged replies on other posts. I think you were going to try to be seen for depression and anxiety, because of the unfair wary we with borderline are 'treated,' or not treated? Depression and Anxiety are both treated in much more 'short term' oriented ways at least in my area. The so-called behavioral therapies, will try to make a difference in your life in the short term. You may have told me what area you live in. I can't search for that right now. I need to get ready for my once a month support group for chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia. Meanwhile my brother, who is now treated for bipolar, no longer schizophrenia, and sees his psychiatrist for meds but no therapist or support groups, called me late last evening because he had hurt his foot walking home from work several hours earlier. I got angry at the delay, and he didn't want to talk to me any further. So I'm going to check in on him, see if he ne
eds anything. He can drive but I don't even know which foot he hurt. Just sharing with you, _PERSON_, and others, how it goes, even when I have therapy and meds and group for my mental and physical health conditions. I still have concern for my family member with history of major mental illness. So, _PERSON_, I hope you can hang in, as much as the persistence required seems enormous. Now you can send me info since I accepted your friend request. If there's anything specific to your location and situation I can help with, I will do my best."
175982679,"Dear lovej3140, I’m feeling a lot better now,I go to support group and able to share my story. Meeting a lot of people,support from Church,my siblings,and my sons. My husband and I not talking each other for over two years now.We live together but separate room,because of people I’m friends,and connected too. God bless , Adora"
175982680,"Where is this coming from, newtus?"
175982681,"I'm doing fairly well today. It's my third day on increased Effexor. My mood is so much better. Plus I think I have an improved attitude toward housework. And that is, ""Do what you can and let go of the rest."""
175982682,made a facebook group for diagnosed schizoids / people interested in learning about the disorder: https://www.facebook.com/groups/552575545279056/
174378431,"I don’t know any suggestions would help Do you think this is really schizophrenic or spirit What should I do Who can I seek for help Please hurry B life could be at stake Hello all My name is _NAME_ Let’s get to know who I am then my beautiful girlfriend B who I’ve nicknamed B for beautiful. He is my story try to stick with me, this is not a feel sorry for me story at all I need help and guidance from people who have experienced something close. I’m 38 years on earth, kinda a low or down feeling kinda guy, don’t like to express feeling or maybe don’t know how, I’ve been married have 2 kids divorced and now madly in love with B. Upon the birth of my first child, I contacted my mother (she had a broken back and scoliosis of the spine do to stepping in a hole when I was a child, all of my life she was on pain medicine and almost bed ridden) to let her know she was a grandma, which made her life from then on much more happier then it was before, Possible trigger: six month later right bef
ore thanksgiving in 2006 she was murdered in her home for OxyContin! My wife and I at the time were both alcoholics And her death fuel that fire more. One of my so called friends was release from prison and show up at my house, he was a drug dealer and let’s just say my sexdrive is nonexistent, which in turn I decided to start using crystal meth to up the sex drive, I was working late hours and I do believe he was having sex with my wife. Possible trigger: No more then a couple months later he was murder by his swinger style girlfriend and her posse. My wife had our 2 nd child which I believe is his but I’m father to her no matter what. Through out the next couple months I started ordering so called bathsalt from the internet, at the time that chemical was apvp The wife and I used it for months until I believe she was a borderline schizophrenic She would hear voices and hallucinations from sleep deprivation but didn’t realize it was not reality and believed I was having sex with these so called voices w
hich where men voices so she believed I was gay, months past and us being separated she tried to kill her self and the hospital saved her life and she was admitted into a larned facility or half way house. She was released to her parents and I was back to doing meth, that’s where B comes in. the wife and I divorced B and I started talking and _PERSON_ left her fiancé who they had a child as well, all in this 2 week span right before Christmas of 2016, B was getting her stuff packed to come live with me, the ex wife started being abusive toward our kids state people got involved and the kids were taken from us put into foster care for a day and my brother took on the role until I could prove to the dcf that I was a fit parent. _PERSON_ moved in a week after the kids where taken from my home she is a very brave women, she and I fought dcf for a year she is probably the only reason I’m alive to this day. As of the last 4 years of being with B it seems history has repeated it self! Alcohol moved in quickly a
nd verbal argument were daily at the last of the for years in October She wanted me to change into a better person who could express dealing and just be nice. I wasn’t having it and told her to **** off, I’m a complete idiot, we would talk most every night but she had moved out and lives 20 minutes away from where I do, upon Christmas she sleeps with another man keeps it a secret and at that time I ordered bathsalt again, B isn’t really a down kinda person she’s more uppiddy and happy about life, well more than I am, being on bathsalt I had already ordered presents for her and her daughter but come Christmas I could get my self to leave the house do to bathsalt consumptions. About Jan 5 or so I went to B’s house with the present had a late Christmas but it was fun, I started getting meth and every weekend go over to B’s and have a night of wonderful sex. So I introduced her to bathsalt and it’s was the best high she has had. Three months of it then meth became easier to get but kinda was taking 
a toll on B, where it consumed her life and we were fighting over and over. Opon the last purchase of meth I got an ounce, gave B some and it went down hill fast This was last month June of 2019 using everyday for 3 months now and she starts to become paranoid about me doing not things of reality Like poisoning her through the ac units Um thinking I am streaming our lives on the internet for sexually sites Um so many things I can not list them all But none of them true I have fallen madly in love with her to the point of not knowing how to handle it. She is hearing voices and they are very rude to her and she thinks it’s me doing it, she believes I’ve implanted some kinda amplifier or something of the such into her ear canal I haven’t A week before July 4 th she calls the police to have them arrest these voices for harassment They police ask if drugs are involved and she says yes but that’s not it. 2 days after I’m at her house reading her the definition of psychosis from Wikipedia and she isn’t h
aving it, somehow right the. The cop shows up and she wants me out of there the cop questions me and tells me to get my **** together and leave. The next day she contacts me from a psychiatric hospital asking me what is going on, she was so afraid and I had no idea it had happened. _PERSON_ put her daughter in placement of her parents. _PERSON_ wanted me to see her that day in the hospital so after work I drove 2 hours to visit her for an hour and a half. She was so happy to see me we went into her room and sat on Her bed hugging and kissing for 30 minutes she became arroused and we fooled around a little as much as we could the next day she was release to her father and was told she was a paranoid schizophrenic. July 4 I saw her for an hour but she searched me before I could come in her house and asked me a lot of questions which I passed and she cold feel safe with me. Some how her meds got screwed up and she wasn’t able to get them until the day after July 4 Back to her trusting me in her house on the 4 
th she went to the bathroom and was screaming at the voices I ask if she was ok and she said she had something to tell me but I would want to kill my self once she did. I asked her once she came out what it was she wanted to tell me and she said I know it’s not you but someone has wired the house with camera and voice recorder s and the put the camera in the toilet to watch her well you know And it was streaming it to some bar so they could watch. We looked for camera but nothing she said their hidden well but she can hear them. I kinda pissed her off by saying that I didn’t think there was such a thing going and she asked me to leave. She won’t answer my calls Says I’m harassing her daily and thinks I’m over at her house most nights messing with her like knocking on windows and of the such We are both clean of drugs as of now, today, But she says she hates me for everything that has happened to her she thinks I got her daughter pulled from her Let’s go back a month, her house kinda has a smell of 
sewer gas, very present on humid nights and it’s rained a lot here, she thought it was the smell of natural gas piped to her water heater and thought it was leaking or I was purposely leaking it to blow the house up, I work at a place with confined spaces and work has hand held gas detection monitors I took one over and ran it through her house with no signal of gas, a couple days later she thought she was going to die that night and wanted to take me to heaven with her so I came over and around 3 or so in the morning she kept hearing sounds from the attic, which the voices told her there was a meth lab up there. I said let’s go see I’m not afraid of anything and was ready to stop all this The only way to get up into the attic was a small cut out square door way about 4 feet from the floor in the bathroom Which had a deadbolt on it. Ok stay with me here... I know I was probably 2 or 3 nights up on meth but was kinda used to it I put my hand on the deadbolt fixed to open it and kinda felt odd, I open the 
door and she ran Out so I went after her and we went back in to the bathroom with the attic door open the only light was from my cellphone but the bathroom light was on. I step up putting my head into the doorway and all the sudden felt this weird overwhelming rushes of fear which made my vision flash black ness to I think my heart beat It almost knocked me to my knees I’m 6 ft 2 220 pounds I looked back at her and she says what was it and I didn’t know what to say to her She really wanted to get out of there fast but I insisted on looking up there there was a light switch there on the wall I turned it on and it was to the attic and peeked my head in there again and looked upto a nice wooden stair case and all the sudden I saw the vent pipe of the sewer was cut off and vented into the attic I could smell methane bad then the overwhelming rushes of fear started hitting me over and over to where I almost threw up I was shaking badly and my eyelids would not stop blinking I rushed to shut that door and bolt 
it back locked. As I am typing this on my phone the hairs on my neck are standing out It’s almost midnight and I haven’t talked to B today, I’ve called but no answer I went to a friends today and his wife is kinda a um spirit ghost ahh person, I’m not so much She sent me a link about schizophrenic paranormal I would share the link but not right now I want who ever reads my life story to think it’s legit cause it is And not think I’m pushing a site Depression has overwhelmingly put me in a bad place of mind It s very hard for me to keep it together right now. I guess I’m not sure what I’m asking of this forum but I know I love B very much and everyday I get pushed further and further away from her cause she is so much believeing that I am the cause of everything, If anyone would like to say anything to me please do I need need all the advice I can get. Thanks I’m goi g to call B now goodnight."
175982683,I wish I was manic. I miss the euphoria. I’m just mellow all the time now.
175982684,"Omg everybody in the house is up early today. I guess bfs mom is going to get her hair done, but she was showering when I woke up and I was kinda pissed because I was just like what’s her deal competing with me and bf for hot water when we’ve both got interviews today. I’m sure part of it is lack of sleep on my part but she’s got this way of making everything about her."
175982685,"I'm reading ""What is Amazing Grace"" or something close to that. I don't have the book with me here at work. I'm like 4 chapters in."
175982686,"I feel that way about my Chicago shrink. I think he was trying to kill me. I liked the pdoc at the clinic, he was really nice to me."
175982687,I’m embarrassed now cuz I couldn’t produce the tennis ball in vr
175982688,"I probably feel some sort of way about this, which I why I keep telling you guys this... But I texted my sister a week ago and she never replied. I told my mom she never answers her phone or texts. My mom tried to put the blame on me because she said something about their recent phone problem. But I told her it's been this way with my sister for 5 or 6 years now. And I found out today from my mom, that my sis is going on vacation yet again. To _NAME_. I dont even care that much anymore. I really dont. She hasn't been on fb or Instagram either for months. I think it's because her and her husband started a new business. Well 2. One running a brick and mortar clinic. And another wholesaling houses. Plus they have a 3 year old. Yes I could think ""she must just be busy"". And I'm sure it's part of that, but how are they communicating still with their closest friends and family? They must be still. So I just figured I'm not high or even on the priority list of my sister."
175982689,Lucky you!!
175982690,"it gets insanely hard at times, and tbh i thought this post was private, but im glad to see that other people are going through the same thing. thank you :)"
175982691,"I had to go grocery shopping. And stupid me ate ice cream again and my stomach hurts so much. I accidentally ate it. My dad and I went out to eat and they said theres free ice cream. And I got some, not thinking, because i was too worried about what if someone racist is watching us. So i just did the motions but looked in my peripheral vision. Like always."
175982692,"I have to admit I wondered about that, like I was thinking would I trust even my neighbors not to pick up something that expensive. It used to be you would sign but now everything is contactless."
175982693,I'm so so so tired. I almost fell asleep at work multiple times. Off for 4 days!!!
175982694,"Who would have triggered me, _PERSON_? Nah, he's innocent! <- that's something you aren't used to read _AT_MENTION_, isn't it?"
175982695,"It can be very challenging but I found accepting what I needed to do to self care was key. So number one was getting enough sleep or if unable to, rest, because I found that impacted on everything else. Then working out what medication was actually helpful and the best level to take by trying to work with a pdoc. Accepting I needed some medication for stability whilst I worked on things was key but I have to admit in the end I felt they wanted me to take too much. Feeding back to staff if you're struggling to cope on it as soon as you notice issues and having a mental health advocate to put your case across with you can be very helpful. Eating healthily, getting some housework done, budgeting and getting enough exercise really filled the rest of the time. Combining any of these with social contact or seeing friends purely for enjoyment was important. For me, i had to learn over and over to go gently at times. Finding something you enjoy can make a big difference too. I found cbt one to one with a p
sychologist helpful for a time . One book used was called Mind OverMood. In the end I found that folliwing things helped move me forward - recognising there had been some trauma and exploring that a little once I was stable enough, seeing friends regularly, and faith. Oh and I nearly forgot to say I take supplements. Vitamin c at a high dose daily, plus others. I used to take omega 3 for a while and i noticed the difference when I started it. Id recommend keeping a diary or calendar!! Or putting together a template for a weekly timetable. It's possible to get tear off weekly planner sheets - but go easy. I couldnt manage more than a couple of things a day sometimes and at times felt I needed to sleep."
175982696,"Thanks, yeah I have klonopin and was considering taking it tonight if I don't get to sleep by a certain time"
175982697,"I took the prescribed & supplements, including the fish oil. (Wish they could make smaller ones, like half the size, & we could take 2, one at a time.)"
175982698,I like the idea
175982699,"For me, I kind of do things for both physical health and mental health. Lately, I started running. It helps my anxiety a great deal. From a mental health perspective, I have meds that help me a great deal, such as Zyprexa. (I know different meds do different things for different people). I can understand you when you say you don't want to be on Xanax again. Sometimes people need those kinds of meds for a short time, though, just to cope. I am finally off of taking benzos consistently. That means I have to do holistic things to help my anxiety. Deep breathing helps. Meditation helps. Exercise helps. Meds help. Therapy helps. Doing soothing things helps, like burning a candle at night or something like that. Doing relaxation stuff helps. I have a tough time implementing positive self-talk, but that is supposed to help, too."
175982700,"I am so sorry to hear that it's been so rough for you lately. Maybe you need to go back to your doctor to see if your medication should be tweaked? I know it's been hard and for so long, but please try to keep pushing through. And think of the things in your life that you are still grateful for."
175982701,"Yes, actually! I chalk it up to nightmares or weird dreams, but the less I sleep, the less anxious I feel the next day. I've even tried to force it -- brewing a pot of coffee to drink at night, for example. I know we need sleep, but I feel like it's toying with my brain."
175982702,Added you back
174378502,"Hello Prozetika, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about aripiprazole on Inspire. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Inspire search: aripiprazole We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175982703,That sounds so good!
175982704,"When I was severely depressed, my pdoc said ketamine was an option for me, but I decided to go the meds route instead. Now I am not depressed anymore. Abilify lifted me out of the dumps. That and the combination of other things I take."
175982705,"Low doses for most of the time I was on them (it was long term for only one of them if I recall correctly, which I'm off of entirely now and I'm tapering off the one that was short term by comparison), the dose got increased at a certain point to a stupidly high dosage but I was able to cut that down pretty quickly. I haven't had any serious withdrawal effects besides the physical crap. (Insomnia and headaches.) I've never been a sensitive person, physically or emotionally, before these meds ever entered the picture. It's just how I am, though I got in trouble a lot when I was a child because of that lack of sensitivity. I didn't understand that most people are very sensitive in ways that I'm not. I had to learn how to be mindful of other people and well I'm still learning. I don't know why they kept me on the benzos for long, it was stupid of them. The worst side effect I had was memory loss. Thankfully I'm just about off of them entirely now. I feel alive again."
175982706,"Thanks for sharing different perspectives, this really helps me. Now, fueled with your input, I realized that there are two dimensions of management: a) Deciding (which can be very creative, depending on the degree of freedom) b) Manipulating And I like the creative part, in particular shaping products in a way that customers like it. But I'm less skilled in manipulating. I will think about this further, maybe I can find a place where I can shape products for happy customers, without the need of being a pushing manipulator. I did quit my job today by the way, so I have to find a solution here Thanks for your feedback."
175982707,"I slept better last night, I slept for 5 hours. Much better than none. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175982708,"Oddly, I don't consider dominance and submission to be passive-aggressive. Holding out on sex would be passive-aggressive - and from observing your general attitude towards sex, I doubt that's what you meant. As would any other way of withholding affection to punish I was thinking more along the lines of when people indirectly try to bully others, talking around someone insultingly rather than directly to them, posting and saying things around people that they hope may upset or trigger them (as well as attempting to set boundaries by acting the same way), reading other's posts through threads in other subforums (which is fine) but then covertly trying to peppering it into other places, teaming up against people, gas lighting, any other indirect method of attempting to be aggressive or intimidating, saying they have a disorder that they think someone else who frustrates them does, making up different user accounts and using them at the same time as two (or multiple) different characters, etc. What's 
unfortunate, is when people do it enough to others, they think everyone else is doing it to them even when others are just being honest. As for when I said learning this skill despite myself, there's no point in directly addressing this type of skill with any of the PDs that use this as their primary language on this website, so you end up getting sucked in and doing the same - and then also going around misinterpreting. ""Despite""? or ""In spite of""? I don't mind my strange ways of ordering sentences and adding dashes, but I could use a lesson on commas - they're killing me. My conversation here still hasn't ended. It's irritating, yet comical as ###$. She told me she used to have problems like me as well - and that she could offer some advice. She offered to find me the name of the breathing app she found useful. ^ I'd like to get defensive and add that it wasn't entirely my fault, but I'm clearing ""my end of the street,"" so I'm not supposed to say that. I want to find a kind way to decline and end the 
conversation, but I don't know how."
175982709,"Makes sense. Sometimes they say avoiding screens late at night can help. So can drinking tea like bedtime tea like chamomile and stuff. Showering before bed can help like a hot shower. Making sure your room is dark. Making sure your room is semi-cold. Meditating before bed sometimes helps me. Also not eating close to bed (this is hard for me to do though). Avoiding caffeine. Anyway, those are some things I've learned over the years. Sleeping with your phone in a diff. room. Listening to sleep sounds at night like white noise. Etc."
175982710,"_PERSON_ is 5x more psychedelic than me for example. So are you @ 12AM. I needed it. Really needed it. I was very ill. If I didn't trip, I would probably have ended it."
175982711,"Only thing is if you have mood problems (read: depression), then getting off of Abilify might cause the resurgence of those. I don't know if you have depressed mood sometimes. But that's the one reason why I'd be cautious about going off of the Abilify. Obviously, I'm not the doctor though."
175982712,"This is gonna be off, but, ""Nee one calls wo' pint a queah!"" Had no access at all to _PERSON_ until I watched it high."
175982713,"What if you try breaking a goal down into steps? I know for me, if I’m looking at a task (especially one I’ve never done before, like training a dog!) I can feel very stressed, when all I can see is where I’m at right now compared to the desired end-point. But when I write out a detailed plan with manageable steps, it helps me feel more in control. I see on paper that if I tackle these smaller tasks, I will meet my goal. I also love checking things off a list, and once I get momentum I sometimes find myself completing my list faster than I had imagined. We are all wired differently though, and just because this works for me i do appreciate it may not work for others"
175982714,salmon
175982715,I watched Iron man 2 this morning. It was entertaining.
175982716,"Let’s see,...just got back from the store 4 boxes of chai Pumpernickel bread Butter loaf bread Ham Roast beef Cheddar sliced cheese Provolone sliced cheese Chocolate covered pretzels ? Soy milk Blackberry cobbler"
175982717,"Bang energy, Miami cola flavor"
175982718,"Slep well, got up, then, immediately had to lie down and take a 2-hour nap. _PERSON_. Feel better now. Have pdoc in a few minutes. Not even sure what to say. I am having breakthrough stuff, but not sure what we should do with meds. Oh well. Hope everyone has a nice day!!"
175982719,Not today but I did yesterday.
175982720,"Thanks! I'll try making one sometime, I have plenty of eggs"
175982721,You'll get used to it. It was only your first day.
175982722,Omg... I just opened my medicine box and I haven’t taken it for 2 days. I could’ve sworn up and down that I took it past 2 days.... so weird
175982723,"I think about things way too deeply. I'm always scared of what could happen. People like me though. I don't know why. Maybe it's just a coincidence in the people that I meet. I also have another side to me. A different personality that is more easy going, strange, social. I get along with sociopaths because I don't judge. I don't have much opinions on things cuz I see both sides to every argument and I don't involve MYSELF into the matter. I'm so confused about what thing I am. Am I human? *Looks at hands..* I guess so. Maybe prolonging the injection isn't a good idea. Idk."
175982724,So I've been in a physically and mentally abusive relationship for the last 5 years. He is in jail now how do I completely just cut him out of my life? I thought it would be easy but it's not despite all the extra stress he brings into my life. I don't want to change my number again plus I have his belongings. When I don't answer the phone while I'm at work he has his mom or friend or both text and call me until I answer. I love his mom and really want to keep in touch with her. I just feel like I'm stuck with no clue what to do.
175982725,"_PERSON_, I am glad that the concern you were worried about has stopped. Make it a goal to work through the new shoulder concern with the HA self help we have here. Just like the other things, you can use your CBT skills to work through the fears. As far as your question about breast tissue goes, I am not going to contradict your doctor. Rather, rest assured that now that you have a baseline mammogram, any changes that might be detected with your regular screenings from now on will be easy to compare and keep you safe. Peace and progress S.C."
175982726,I've lost 5lbs so far. but I also have been eating healthier mostly and exercising too so I don't know if it's from the metformin or that
175982727,I usually asked if i could work from home if that happened like at least the last two hours of the day if it lasted.
175982728,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ3rXbE ... bQ&index=1
175982729,"I'm just tired of struggling. Every day I deal with depression, anxiety, psychosis. I've been in treatment for like 6-7 years and I don't feel any better."
175982730,I have all my meals/recipes and grocery lists planned out through June. I’m so excited about food Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982731,"Woke up still feeling blah. Had a good sleep though. My doctor is gonna phone me today and I'm gonna say that the diazepam replaced the alprazolam except I don't even take half as much benzos, to refill vyvanse, zopiclone and atenolol and then put the invega injection to every 3 weeks instead of 4 weeks."
175982732,Also RIP _NAME_. It was all we watched at the psych hospital. News with _NAME_'s death. And strange movies about people being in psych hospitals. I kid you not. Very poor taste in movies I thought.
175982733,"That’s brilliant news, thanks _AT_MENTION_ I’ve got lots of cbd flower right now. I might have a hemp cigarette now."
175982734,I slept amazingly well
175982735,Wanted to but testing sites are closed in this area.
175982736,I feel like shyt cuz I been sleeping too much too. I feel drained and lethargic. I got a headache and a bit of nausea.
175982737,I was just wondering recently when they were going to do that because it’s a really cute Pokémon
175982738,"I love that sound zee man i was vibing to it, do you know if that mastering software is went back up to full price again? i wondered if your whole class took advantage of that lol Btw _AT_MENTION_ Flying Lotus was playing really chilled sounds on radio six and chatting Sunday night it was really cool We play boards of Canada sometimes on the radio show, i think they might be Scottish but not sure"
175982739,I got severe anxiety due to my ocd.
175982740,The music of our solar system. ( with my mind )
175982741,I don't clean enough either but luckily I live with my parents and my mom does a lot of the cleaning.
175982742,Bout to punch someone at work
175982743,"Now, about that above ground pool. No, it;s OK, you can put it on layaway. I'm glad you wrote back because, yeah, I was worrying, why didn't I tell her about.... And here was what I was worrying about: When I first came across the column on being positive, the one which said think positive before you go into a problem that you can solve it, I told myself, when I'm away from the column and can't read it, to get myself into a positive way of thinking, first say to myself over and over, ""Think positive, think positive, think positive."" OK, what that does is, your conscious is telling your unconscious to think positive about solving the problem. This clears your unconscious to look for solutions, which it does. Otherwise, the hidden unconscious may be set on negative, again from the programming of conscious (maybe from improper childhood learning), and is looking for ways to lose. Now I feel all better. You said, you use to go around saying ""grrrr"" at everything, I would grouse at the pot on the st
ove for having the gall to boil over, and things like that. We use to have a person on the Depression forum named _NAME_, whose effects are still being felt. And it was remindful of a quote by the aviator _NAME_ who said: ""No kind action ever stops with itself. One kind action leads to another. Good example is followed. A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees. The greatest thing that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves.” _NAME_ And it was then added to the depression forum: ""_NAME_ kindness is truly still causing ripples. So is _NAME_."" Something else you might like: “Poetry being imaginative, fresh and honest, is the very language of children, and many of their incidental remarks are simply love poems. Once, when a parent was in the living room with a guest, the child said, `Will you look at me, too, some of the times, and smile and speak to me?’ This is one version of a child’s eternal love poem to the world
.” _NAME_ in Speak to the Earth. _PERSON_; Readers Digest, July 1983. Love is like a magic penny, keep it and you won’t have any. Lend it, spend it, give it away, and it will come back to you someday. The angels are stopping above your bed; They weary of trooping with the whispering dead. God’s laughing in heaven to see you so good, The Sailing Seven are gay with his mood. I sigh that kiss you for I must own That I shall miss you when you have grown. _NAME_ Smile She smiled at a sorrowful stranger. The smile seemed to make him feel better. He remembered past kindness of a friend And wrote him a thank you letter. The friend was so pleased with the thank-you That he left a large tip after lunch. The waitress, surprised by the size of the tip, Bet the whole thing on a hunch. The next day she picked up her winnings, And gave part to a man on the street. The man on the street was grateful; For two days he'd had nothing to eat. After he finished his dinner, He left for his small dingy room. (he didn't know at 
that moment that he might be facing his doom) On the way he picked up a shivering puppy And took him home to get warm. The puppy was very grateful To be in out of the storm. That night the house caught on fire The puppy barked the alarm. He barked till he woke the whole household And saved everybody from harm. One of the boys that he rescued _PERSON_ up to be President. All this because of a simple smile That hadn't cost a cent. - _NAME_, (age 13)Post Edited (_NAME_) : 4/15/2020 12:33:51 PM (GMT-6)"
175982744,"The only rock I recall painting was the university rock that all the students tag. There was a marriage proposal on it and I painted a giant ""NO"" on it for a response."
175982745,_NAME_... I second the motion of the previous post. You have to get active. Do something like dance to some music if you have some. Take a walk. Maybe read a book. Surf the internet for meditation music on YouTube. Practice mindfulness. We are here for you.
175982746,I've got my vaccine on Monday
175982747,"You would have to cover it in sun factor 50+ every day during summer. But yes, the Sphynx cat is very interesting."
175982748,"I actually haven't had any side effects, I switched from 600mg of seroquel over to 400mg of the thorazine. I was terrified to take it at first cause of all the negative connotations with it but it's actually been really helping me and I do sleep well too so that's good, I hope you can find something that helps you"
175982749,"It has been like a Hollywood movie, here. Everyone has the Christmas spirit. It's so nice!!!!!"
175982750,"My parents want me to research how to make a grow-op in my moms house cuz the tenants left without paying. I can talk to friends online that grow. But only so much researching I can do. I can research investing, pharmaceuticals, work part time, tend to my plants and listen to tropical house maybe take legal psychedelics on the weekends."
175982751,Drank mushroom tea for a nootropic effect. I think it may be working. More mindful. I've been practicing mindfulness a little bit lately. I notice that it's easier when I'm feeling more emotional...
175982752,"To theHTreturns and every sufferer: Keep pressing on and keep fighting whatever dark thoughts there are...don't ruminate on them at all and let them fester in your mind...try immersing yourself in interests and hobbies to keep yourself going...you can do it. Sorry I'm not really sure how to encourage if it sounds too idealistic...still, ideas inspire us to do greater things (within acceptable limits of course)!"
175982753,Also remember the medication doesn’t help unless you are actively doing therapy. Take an anxiety class if they offer it near you. Learn how anxiety works. Also meditation can help to quiet those anxiety voices and teach you to control them.
175982754,"I'm sharing my daily anxieties that go through my mind with the hope that by seeing it typed out and sharing them (normally I don't share all that goes through my mind with my family), it will help me better cope because I have no idea how to cope or even change my way of thinking. A little background first. I'm in my almost mid-40s, married for over 10 years to a wonderful husband. We have no children. No pets. I'm an only child. These anxieties are in no particular order. I worry that I let his parents and my parents down because I am unable to have kids. My husband's bloodline ends with him. I also worry that because of that, his parents secretly do not believe I am good enough for him. For years I played it off as ""I don't like kids, I don't want kids, they would spoil my lazy lifestyle."" His parents never said anything, but I always felt like they truly think that. My parents never said anything either, but I know I disappointed my mom for sure. She has always been about kids and was so happ
y when we got married because she hoped for a miracle (even though I couldn't have kids) and we would give her grandkids. I've always been a homebody but as I have gotten older, I really do not want to go anywhere anymore. Due to the same condition that is the cause of not being able to have kids, it also has caused me to lose my hair over the years. Now, it's at the point of no return and it is very difficult to go anywhere without some sort of head covering. But I don't go out much because I tend to worry that people think that since I wear a hat all the time, there must be something wrong with me. Quick side story - We had a Zoom video meeting with my husband's family over Thanksgiving. Two of his aunts separately asked him, ""Who is with you?"" I know it's because I look different when wearing a hat. I made a joke about it and everyone laughed. But inside I was absolutely crushed and it still bothers me right now. My husband said to not let it bother me, but it does. Constantly. My husband tells me to buy 
a wig. Over the years, I went to 2 wig outlets and broke down and cried both times. It pains me that I even have to consider buying one. It goes through my mind that it isn't fair that I'm losing my hair. I can deal with the other symptoms of this issue (i.e., facial hair, heavy acne, tough time losing weight, etc.). I worry that if I get a wig, EVERYONE will know something is wrong with me because my hair has always been a frizzy mess my entire life and any wig would be a drastic change. Then I would have to deal with people asking about my hair, how great it looks, etc. I think about how I would then feel obligated to tell them the reason why. And I'm embarrassed about the reason why. I know my condition isn't my fault, but I don't want to constantly have to explain it. Additionally, I always felt that his entire family does not believe I'm good enough for him. Another quick side story - his cousins and their kids stopped over yesterday unannounced to drop off Christmas gifts. I had no clue they were coming
. My reaction to see them was not that great, but I quickly put on a happy face. I did not invite them in because they are against the use of masks during this pandemic. So, the visit was very, very short. I did not hug them or the kids. I worry that they are upset with me because I did not invite them in to socialize and I did not hug them/greet them properly. They have not stopped doing activities since the pandemic started so I worry that they could spread COVID. I also felt very embarrassed because I was in my ""house clothes"" and if I knew they were coming, I would have worn something more presentable. The mom did say that I looked very comfy with my hat (of course) and my chunky sweater. But in my mind it means I look like a slob. I am self-employed. My online business was doing relatively well until the pandemic. Before the pandemic, I made enough money to cover some bills and save for some fun money. My husband was satisfied with my business. I was satisfied with the way it was as well and my custome
r list was growing slowly, but still growing nonetheless. Since the pandemic, work has slowed up significantly. If I'm not constantly trying to find new customers, I feel guilty. I think that since I'm not bringing as much money in as pre-pandemic, I'm not pulling my weight. My husband is very supportive and tells me that it is okay. He believes business will pick back up once everything starts getting back to normal. But I fear that one of these days he will tell me I have to stop being self-employed and get a ""9-5 job"". I do not want to do that for the same reasons mentioned above. So, I'm trying really hard but having no success right now and it's driving me crazy. I have an irrational fear of doctors, I always have, since I was young. I've avoided going to appointments until something was really wrong, i.e. that's how I was diagnosed with my medical issue many years ago. I have an appointment right after Christmas (I was supposed to go in the spring, but cancelled due to my fears of COVID.) I have type 
II diabetes, I am on medication for it and the only reason why I'm going is because they will not give me anymore refills without the appointment. It worries me that when I go, they will tell me I will need insulin shots for the rest of my life (currently, I'm on pills). I get queasy with needles so the thought of that terrifies me to the core. And I know the outcome is going to be poor because I have not been doing as well as I could have in regards to eating healthier. I have good intentions and did cut out diet sodas completely and I try to exercise a little bit every day, but once all of these anxieties start going in my mind, I overeat and I sit. And that's happened more often that not. There are several other anxieties that are a constant, but the ones above are the major ones. If you made it this far, my sincere thanks to you for reading."
175982755,Just got out the ER. They said possible kidney infection but maybe just pulled a muscle. No appendix issues tho. No kidney stones. Let me say first this started WAY before I got the dang Virtual Reality headset. But the matrix done fckd me up.
175982756,Sorry bluebird.....
175982757,I took mine and feel ok.
175982758,Sure won’t be!!!
175982759,"Turns out my mom is on Effexor too, she's on 225mg and it works for her. Here's hoping it works for me too"
175982760,Hey whatever gets rid of migraine...
175982761,When I was on zyprexa the sleepiness never went away and slept sometimes 16 hour days. It never got better... when they changed my AP and AD I was the opposite... sleeping in 2 hour at a time and believed I could fly.
175982762,Yay I get to try out embroidery!
175982763,"Apparently a new hidden protocol is to give an IV of vitamin C.. Inject vitamin C into the blood.. Or to take 10,000mg of vitamin C (Or however as much that the bowels can handle) and then decrease the dose slowly from there.. But there's only so much researching I can do.. I'm burned out.."
175982764,https://www.amazon.com/Pentel-Pocket...22493580&psc=1 Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175982765,"I don’t think all are anticholinergic. Many of them are, but I don’t think all of them are"
175982766,I think I do better when I have less to do.
175982767,"People spend time on; Bf-husband/gf-wife/kids Soul sucking job Television Spending their money on shiny things Eating junk food Sleeping The bar, cheating on husband/wife with kids I swear I got this XD"
175982768,Finished reading the book and took a long walk
175982769,"We all understand where you are coming from. 2020 hasn't been a good year at all. Not for any of us. I agree with _PERSON_, talk to your doctor or therapist, there are things you can do to feel better and less fearful. Keep hanging on. Never give up. Try to take things one day at a time. You don't have to live in anxiety and panic. Things can get better. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982770,Good luck falcs!
175982771,"My life isn't as exciting right now than it would be if the virus wasn't around either. Fortunately, my sleep schedule hasn't been affected."
175982772,"The rest of my stuff will be delivered tomorrow The camelbak water bottle, pair of shorts, crocheting kit, and the Animal Crossing: New Horizons companion guide"
175982773,"Your dad sounds like a hero (and a model for all) and know that he and his memory continue to live on with you and all the love you embody. The flesh may be gone, but the soul lives on. Each pang of lament and missing him validates your own sense of what love, honor, and a life well-lived are all about. Remember that and believe he's smiling upon you and with you always."
175982774,5-HT2A receptors are antagonized. Feeling better.
175982775,Wide awake for some reason. Maybe going to the grocery store late in the day hyped me up
175982776,"I took my meds really, really late past 2-3 days. Cuz I’ve been sleeping during the day. Which I think is making me hypo, taking them late. Took it on time today."
175982777,Just found two hairs in the stew my mom made for us. Plus the rice last night (she made too) was so extremely salty that I felt sick all the way into today. Finding hair in my moms food is like so common with her. She doesn’t put her hair up idk why. It’s long.
175982778,"Had a bowl of Raisin Bran cereal , now I’m drinking coffee"
175982779,Disconnect sounds like dissociation in a way. Well it helps it helps. Ever heard of writing an angry letter to someone and then burning it?
175982780,"Spent some time helping my dad, seems to be one of the few things that feels good anymore."
175982781,Now I want more pan _NAME_
175982782,I ate a bowl of corn chowder and some soft serve vanilla ice cream in a dish at the fair today.
175982783,Showered/washed hair/dried hair/straightened hair Ate a good nutritious breakfast Used Anointing oil for day 6 of Lent
175982784,Watching Pokemon Journeys: The Series on Netflix. There's 4 seasons now. I'm on season 3. Also continuing to watch Vampire Diaries and this show called Derry Girls
175982785,"Hi everyone. I hope no one has a hangover! I'm just sitting at Panera bread trying to relax. I'm really excited about this short story. I hope I can write 2 more short stories. I'm so exictred about this short story that I think im going ot try and stick to short stories from here and out. I mean, that's mostly what plato did, so why the f not? and this is obviously my platform given how fast I wrote this (Well, it took me 3 times as long with the help of a real editor.) I feel like this could be my breakout piece if I can get people to give it a try, even though my first one failed. I mean, how good can a person's first story be though? Definitely a learning curve."
175982786,don't get ett by a big fat bear!!
175982787,"_PERSON_, what you wrote isn't too much information because the health anxiety (hypochondria) that you have is a serious form of mental illness. I'm sorry to read that 2019 was a difficult year for you. I hope 2020 will be much better."
175982788,"I take it for granted that thinking like that is like breathing to me ... I’m so naturally efficient, some people think I have a superpower. I don’t, it’s just how my brain works."
175982789,"I hallucinated a skull and crossbones the night that I was 100% sure that I was going to die.. right in front of my face. I hallucinated a lot of horrible things that night such as maggots, scorpions, spiders, dead bodies.. It was ****ing horrific. It was the only thing that scared me enough to stop going completely insanely overboard with drugs, gave me my senses back, my decision making, became a pantheist instead of a complete atheist and found truth in the paradox all in one night."
175982790,I’m on both LAI and pills and both are good
175982791,Just some water
175982792,Also was not allowed to watch any _NAME_ movies (still haven't seen any to this day)
175982793,Any of you have an update? Any new medical information or help from doctors on trying to identify this or help reduce the trailing at all?
175982794,I was wondering why I kept peeing so much yesterday. I think its cuz I'm dehydrated. Cuz I didnt drink alot of water yesterday. Now I feel ever so slightly dizzy and body stuff.
175982795,Need 2 have an evening stimulant nap
174378626,"The Invega Sustenna 150mg every 3 weeks and olanzepine 5mg every night has made my psychosis almost non-existent. The reason I get dp/dr is because of the psilocybin overdoses. I find it weird that I tend to have a lot of cormobidity in mental illnesses. It makes me think that I'm a hypochondriac - But my only diagnosis is being on the schizo-autism spectrum - Which is one hell of a whack to the mind. My microdose capsules arrived and I'm not going to use them because of the dp/dr (It will make that worse). My brain is still trying to process the trauma of my bad trips. Will it lead to benzo dependency? I hope not. Benzos seem to be the only things that help - - Also Vyvanse helps. I've never had dp/dr while on Vyvanse. Only when it wears off.. I start staring blankly into space and have maladaptive daydreaming. It's all a mess and what I need to do is just write or talk about it - But it's really tiring. I just need a break. I try to distract myself but can't ""do things"". My doctor says I need t
o think less and just do - But that's really hard for me.. I'm feeling pretty good right now. I'm focused and calm. But when night time rolls around, I have to prepare myself for horror. I'll go to sleep at 12-1am tonight cuz I'm scared when 2am hits where I could have a panic attack. My panic attacks are so unbelievably horrifying because they don't go away unless I take a benzo. I just panic for hours. I wonder how long they actually last without taking one - 24 hour panic attack? Idk... Everything becomes one and I hear voices in my head (Dissociative ones).. So I guess ketamine isn't a good idea.. I get scared of people laughing and trying to harm me also fearing that my cat knows, etc.. It's like a seizure but being conscious. But I'll be ok. I'm gonna figure out what I want to do today and just distract myself."
175982796,Sorry you have ants in your bed can the staff there do anything about it for you? It’s good to see you
175982797,I can't wait till I get my sisters cat over here!
175982798,I made the cookies and also a coffee glaze to put on them
175982799,Anyone here seen stranger things? I'm watching it for the first time since all the hype around season 3 releasing today was around.
175982800,Going to the food farmacy in an hour. Get 3 days worth of nutritious food and some nutrition counseling
175982801,"Thank you so much for the support. I appreciate it! _PERSON_, I feel like my family is probably just too caught up in their own world. I wonder why they don't think of others more often. I know I have my stuff, but it helps me a lot to be social. I am realizing not everyone is built that way. And I'm trying to be compassionate with myself rather than think it's my fault."
175982802,Thanks SC Sounds like you have had a very busy period so I can see why you were tense but pleased to hear you are using your self care to help now it's time for rest and re group. _PERSON_
175982803,Wow...a second productive day in a row!!! Now I’m done with everything and have the rest of the day to myself. My daughter is at 6 Flags w/her class so she won’t be home until 8 or so. I think my son is going out after school. So it’s just me and hubby...we’re going shopping for his club’s fishing derby Sunday. On a personal note I’m really struggling with the loss of my friends daughter. I can’t even look at my Facebook without crying. I am just absolutely gutted for her. 5...****ing 5 years old ?.
175982804,"Hello and welcome! I am sorry to hear that your anxiety has ramped up recently...but happy to hear that your use of coping skills today has helped you to feel better and distracted from your worries! Well done and keep up the good work! I do hope that you will stay on the wait list for your therapy. It is worth the wait, and you never know when an time slot will open up for you. Hang in there... ...and for now keep up with your coping skills, and seek to learn some new ones! In our Resources at the top of the main forum page here, you'll find great material and links specifically for challenges with Health Anxiety, which I think could help you a lot. Keep posting with us as well. We care, understand and support is key! _PERSON_ Cat"
175982805,hd _NAME_-sorry not to answer sooner. what cured my anxiety and depression and insomnia is celexa. its a weaker form of Lexapro. it took 8 weeks to take effect but I am totally anxiety -depression free and sleep like a baby. even take naps in afternoon. someone suggested Remeron -yes its extremely effective but VERY strong. chances are you WILL sleep but be quite hung over next day. the usual dose is 15-start with 7.5 and see how it goes. you can take the other half if you awake after only 2 hrs or so. that's how I did it. someone also suggested a stronger dose of melantoian-yes ! safe to take up to 10mg at once . 6 usually worked for me. with my severe insomnia I would go 2 days with little sleep-then by 3rd day I was so exhausted I would sleep 5 or 6 . repeat cycle over and over. truly a terrible situation. keep us informed how things go
175982806,Sounds weird Does he have a mental illness too?
175982807,"Me too, with tizanidine. Maybe if I complain of muscle pain they'll write some as a prn? I can dream."
175982808,Yeah I've had it happen
175982809,"In my years of experience living with my bipolar son it’s up to you how to cope by having a great bipolar therapist for your son ,learning about it’s ups and downs and meds that help. Be honest and open with your feelings. Find daily support for you and your son. And keep his life on a schedule. Stay focused on the positives and most of all hug him tell him how much you love him every day."
175982810,"I had a pretty good T appointment yesterday. I was nervous because I had to ask her if I could see my Pastor for a couple of sessions of CBT. I didn't know how she would respond. She said I could. Then later she called him a faith healer. IDK what was up with that. I don't know if she felt threatened ego wise, was trying to be funny, or if she seriously sees him as such, since her spirituality is more mystical than mine. I was a little insulted by the faith healer remark but she said I could go to see him if I wanted to. She just doesn't want me getting destabilized SH wise. And she said good luck with the hallucinations being helped by CBT. She isn't a big believer in CBT. It hasn't been my favorite form of therapy but I think because the one therapist I went to that did it strictly was mean, kept threatening to hospitalize me, and was bat crap crazy. So now I gotta email my Pastor and say that my T said it was okay. Haven't done that yet. HUGS Kit"
175982811,Go! I thought about getting an embroidery kit off amazon. What are your guys ideas? Or what are you doing to help pass the time?
175982812,Just got like half the list knocked out now Whoo it’s mentally exhausting looking at that list even tho it’s minor stuff to do
174378651,"Yes, I guess either of those could do it. My Abilify was raised to 30mg a few years ago and it had no affect except worse akathisia. There wasn't time to wait and see if it would kick in because I was in a bad delusional state."
175982813,Looks Great _AT_MENTION_
175982814,Got that right!
175982815,I'm bored and have nothing to do this weekend...so what is your favorite movie about mental illness? Personally speaking while i love A Beautiful Mind the one I find the most intense is The Double (2013) starring _NAME_. It starts off slow...you may have to be patient with it but there's something about the story and the main character(s) that never fails to engross me...it's deep and the kind of film you can watch multiple times and find things in it that you missed before...it's available for rent on Amazon...tbh part of me is partial to it because I'm an avid fan of _PERSON_ on whose _NAME_ the movie was very loosely based...would love to hear thoughts about the movie (even if you hate it) and/or find another film about mental illness that I can get into. I wish all of you the best...it can be hard sometimes but we'll pull through.
175982816,I am very sorry to hear of your loss. Nothing I say can make the pain that you are feeling go away. I hope that you are able to cope without a relapse. Very happy that you have someone close by that you are able to go to for help. Prayers and hugs sent your way. Please keep us posted.
175982817,"Oh ****, that’s really awful ... animals really do become like family don’t they?"
175982818,I’m so sorry 12
175982819,Yesterday was one of the worst days ever. I just want to forget everything.
175982820,"The recipe is Indian, not the mushrooms. Turmeric, ginger, I think garlic, onions, spices and I forget what else. I wish I could make them here. There's a kitchenette just off the main phys therapy room. Maybe they'd let me cook in there. Some day lol."
175982821,"Also, this weather is stupid. In the office, the A/C is on but it's so cold in here that I have my space heater on to counter-act the A/C."
175982822,I've become obsessed with my switch again. These obscure indie games in the eshop are LIFE.
175982823,Well she’s passed away. It was a woman in my family tree from the 1920s. I found her picture on ancestry website
175982824,"If you were normal I wouldn't consort with you as I do. The word normal gets thrown around a lot, but it's a very wide concept. Everybody has a different idea of what normal is. Others? What others?"
175982825,"My therapist called back, she said we could do our meetings over the phone for now since I’m more comfortable with that"
175982826,"Got some sleep finally. Gonna go to an AA meeting with my friend and then to the hospital. First, food, though. _PERSON_, me thinks."
175982827,I hope you get a raise or some good luck to help you out. Hate hearing that you’re struggling. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175982828,I feel like ****. Unsure if I'm just anxious or I'm legitimately sick
175982829,Hi Welcome back to the forum. Sorry to hear you have had a spike in your anxiety. I would say try self help first to see if you can lower your anxiety levels we have some good links in our resources section so take a look. An increase in medication is not guaranteed to reduce your anxiety but if you have tried other options with no success then it’s worth chatting with your prescribing doctor and see what they suggest. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175982830,Anyone taking Lexapro for anxiety? It was working for about 3 weeks then the panic attacks started again. I've been on it for 5 weeks. Anyone have a similar experience or advice on how to deal?
175982831,I’m so lost without my cat by my side. She’s such a big part of me. she’s only gone temporarily but it feel like my left arm is gone. I’m sad.
175982832,Ya absolutely. I can't get the flu shot. They make me sick every time.
175982833,The spiky thing moved out of my wrist and now it is running up and down my arms making my arms hurt and be sore. Ugh. This is bothering me. I can't get distracted enough to not deal with it. Soon I can go home and put some heat on my arms or some lidocaine patches. Something is trying to attack me from the inside!
175982834,"Push fluids, Blue. You are probably low on volume."
175982835,Hi glass owl are you on medication?
175982836,"Good for you for getting a mammogram! I believe they recommend getting your first one at least by age 50. You can rest assured they try to keep the procedure as stress-less as possible. The whole process usually takes 10 minutes or so. Of course at some point, the machine they use does need to compress your breast a bit so that it will show a good ""reading"", but the little discomfort does not last long. Afterward, you will feel good knowing you did the right thing. You'll be fine! Let us know how it goes"
175982837,"I woke up today after sleeping for 12 hours. I’ve been sleeping much more lately - I don’t know why. I managed to read a book for an hour today and then spent like 2 hours lying down in bed with my eyes closed. I didn't fall asleep but I'm extremely unhappy and feel like a zombie almost. I took olanzepine before it happened. I just want to feel better. I want to feel ok. I'm overwhelmed by everything. Sometimes I seem ok but I'm really just distracting myself. I want some sort of meaning and I have hope for great things but I don't know how to get there. All I have is technology - It's cold outside, I have no friends. I'm sick of being in such an unhappy state. I can't let go. I can’t explain that my environment limits me - It’s not aesthetic and very uncomfortable - It may be because of autism symptoms. I get very little done every day. It’s like I’m dreaming of a different life and at the same time, I have trouble starting new things - When I plan to do something, I can’t stop wanti
ng to just relax and rest my mind instead of watching a movie, playing games, learning or doing anything that I want which requires mental effort. It’s like the antipsychotics are sedating my mind too much. I wish I didn’t have to take medications - But maybe it has nothing to do with medications. I was this same way at age 12. Daydreaming is what relaxes my mind. I’m much more aware now and regret not wanting to improve myself in the past - All it was was my ex step dad telling me to do chores all day every day in isolation. I’ve developed a conviction that I just don’t want to put in any effort because it didn’t get me anywhere - Although I know that it gets easier getting a little bit closer to a destination which a little different than what I imagined. *I told my mom to read this and we had a talk - I'll be going on a vacation on the 20th which is what we need*"
175982838,I take my pills and I'm happy all the time .... We take strange things to feel normal..
175982839,Your pensiveness intrigues me...
175982840,silverfox.
175982841,Yeah when I lived in the south/midwest it was scary especially when the tornado sirens went off.
175982842,Got my exam back....99%!
175982843,"Seeing my case manager tomorrow, then have to go do laundry. I think this weekend I'll make the peanut butter fudge and maybe paint my nails ?"
175982844,"Lifelong mental disability, and the inability to work or trust friends, can be caused by being bullied earlier in life. I feel like I need to educate people on this. ""Bullying"" is a synonym for ""assaulting"", and there are already laws on the books in every jurisdiction in the nation, if not the world, which makes that illegal. When teachers just stand there on the playground, or just sit there in the front of the class, and don't enforce the laws, then they should expect to pay a lot more for social security taxes and have a conscience for the rest of their lives. And why did I not report it to my parents? My parents once made the most ridiculous comment when I confronted them about my past one day, saying I should have reported the bullying to them, they might have been able to do something about it. OF COURSE I DID NOT DO THAT, MY PARENTS WERE DOING THE SAME THING AS THE BULLIES! My parents were assaulting me when I was young just like the bullies! Of course I didn't trust to report anything 
to them! And in the time since them, I seem to be a magnet for the most ignorant, conservative, regressive people. I actually had a friend at a part-time job I had for a few years, and I was commenting to him one day about bullying in school, that the students assaulting should have been charged with assault. He dismissingly asked if students playing kickball should be charged with assault! He actually thinks that bullies are just playing ball, and god-forbid should we interfere with their playtime! I feel the need to educate people that I was severely TRAUMATIZED by being assaulted repeatedly in school, by being spit on daily, by being restrained daily on the playground and thrown to the ground, by having sharp objects poked into my back to cause pain. I was severely TRAUMATIZED by my parents assaulting me thinking they were teaching some sort of lesson or something when actually I learned nothing from it."
175982845,Ever since my old phone battery started bulging I keep thinking every device I have is slightly bent......
175982846,M and M's
175982847,I suddenly have fever ?
174378699,"wtf. I just looked at what my psych put in for the bloodwork request sheet. On dx's it has Schizoaffective disorder Bipolar type (Which I already knew) but then it says Anorexia Nervosa: Binging/purge type I always thought my dx was bulimia. I didn't know there was a difference. Just caught me by surprise when I glanced at it. Well regardless of that, I start the group next Friday so hopefully it's helpful."
175982848,_PERSON_ ordered Chinese...orange chicken and beef and broccoli with fried rice.....so good
175982849,It’s been about two weeks again. I’m staring at the shower right now. C’mon I can do it. I’m going to do it. Gonna be nice and clean.
175982850,"I am glad it works for you _NAME_. Guess it is kind of a hit and miss scenario. Pristiq and xanax works for me. So far anyway. I take the lowest dose of xanax. .25mg. I used to take 4 mg a day. So I am doing better. In fact I was off of xanax for awhile but with covid, I usually take .5 mg a day. Some days none. Buspar was the first med I tried. Again I am happy that it works well for you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982851,Good job!
175982852,I forgot to take my medicine for 2 days. _PERSON_’s friend visiting threw me out of my routine.
175982853,Also I can't focus on a book to save my life right now. I don't know why. _USER_ID_: I do know why. There are sooooo many distractions.
175982854,I had the best most euphoric 12 hour sleep of my life. Slept so deep with deep dreams. Woke up refreshed but took stimulant anyways. I start work in 7 hours at 11pm.
175982855,I want a skin for my switch
175982856,I slept for 2 hours. That's how I know I dont feel good for sure.
175982857,Depressed.
175982858,Helps to be online a lot so your convos are like im’s more than email.....glad you got your tags.....
175982859,"And btw, I know some people wonder what I'm doing nowadays. I get messages from FR, SP, and some others, and then family and other friends. But I legit just dont have time to really stay on the phone and talk anymore for long periods of time. I see some messages, some I dont, but it seems like everyone messages me when I'm so busy, like if I'm working or doing errands, or whatever. I cant say I like this life much. I mean I love what I'm doing, but I dont have a social life anymore. I miss being able to call friends or get on snap for hours. Or here. It's easier here tho, because I can write what I need and close tapatalk when I'm busy, and then come back later. But honestly, I feel awful. I cant really communicate with anyone anymore. It's weird, because I wanted this life like even 5 years ago. I had wished I was so busy I didnt need to contact anyone. And now it's very lonely. I'm either at work now, doing hobbies (sort of. They are part of me building my career), doing errands, or using what li
ttle free time I have to sleep or just watch tv. So I'm sorry to everyone."
175982860,"I’m not sure why my anxiety has not disappear, I have been taking my citalopram for 7 weeks and although I have very good days, other days I struggle waking up with all of these intros I’ve thoughts, what if I don’t get better? What if I will never get back to where I Was before? I feel my heart racing during the morning. As the day progresses I get better and there are other days where I feel perfectly fine like hey I am myself Again no anxiety whatsoever ....the fear of not getting better or being sick makes me really anxious...my dr asked me if I felt better and I said yes because I am but still have bad days"
175982861,.. watch conspiracy videos.. try to care about crypto
175982862,Yay _AT_MENTION_ !!!!!
175982863,Very nice valley!!! Congrats on your son!
175982864,"Meeting with Dr. _PERSON_ (new psychologist) went okay on Monday. He is CBT oriented. Blah. He gave me homework. Blah. He thinks I am doing well. WTH? Then why do I feel bad? He was much older than his profile picture on psychology today. I was not expecting an older, roundish, balding guy. I thought he was going to be closer to my age. His voice was very soothing. I could fall asleep listening to his voice, I swear. He seems like he would never get perturbed about anything. Or bothered. He seems like everything he does is deliberately slow. He wants to work on a crisis reduction plan to keep me out of the hospital."
175982865,"I mean, will _NAME_ is 3: he's funny, black, and he's cool."
175982866,"My mom called me yesterday because she got the check in th mail. I took 15 months to pay her back but she's happy. She also said she would cosign for a place to live but all the places are super expensive, espcially right now during college move ins. More than anything though, i think I need to find a place out of state. I'm so sick of living in the shadows of my university. None of them understand what I went through."
175982867,Haha! I used to pronounce it as “gooch” until I watched some videos about it
175982868,At training now. Ready for it to start.
175982869,"I don't understand why this has to link to depression. It's fairly obvious that life has no real meaning; the fact that people keep making up 'meanings' is more an indicator of depression than not needing to. Surely, if life has no meaning, then doesn't that give people ultimate freedom? I'm sure we've all known people who have lived long lives denying themselves stuff because Jesus hates it, or whoever they follow. What a waste of time. Surely, knowing that it's all pointless makes it all just a game. We'll all be dead for the same length of time and a hundred years from now, no one will remember your kids, let alone you. Party on!"
175982870,I didn’t listen to the thoughts and took my Latuda. Not that it really seems to be helping but whatever.
175982871,Hopefully u get back to your normal self
175982872,Chamomile tea
175982873,Hello all! I have anxiety and it’s of course been worse because of my son not being in school and the pandemic. Basic things of life are becoming overwhelming and my motivation is lacking. What has helped you get over these seasons?
175982874,"Stress of moving maybe? Even if you are excited and looking forward to it, it is still a change and a pretty big one at that. _PERSON_"
175982875,"Thanks for sharing your experience. Interesting topic with the boss-hate-rate. I despised about 80% of my bosses, but I cannot find a pattern that explains who's in and who not. Well, not the best precondition for a management role I guess Maybe I should really leave this up to some NPD people, who make wrong decisions all day long, but no one ever notices because they're perfect in blaming someone else"
175982876,"I’m exhausted from creating. Writing, art, etc. I’m gonna spend my weekend on my Nintendo switch if I can."
175982877,"I drank half a glass of wine with a zopiclone and 40mg of CBD, tried to sleep at 11pm.. Couldn't sleep. So I stayed up until 4am, took a walk around the block and then attempted to sleep at 4:30am. I started to feel like I was going to fall asleep but the ****ING CAT was scratching at the carpet so I got out of bed.. There was no cat there.. Then I go back into bed, pissed and I start getting tired at 6am again and all I hear is ""Mrrreow mrrreeoowww"". Fk. My moms cat annoying me so I said screw that I'm not sleeping. I took a 40mg Vyvanse this morning instead of a 50mg, gonna make a coffee and just stay awake, go on the hike and by 4-6pm, I'm gonna try and sleep again. I'll have to take half a alprazolam with the zopiclone because my brain jolts and twists my heart during the moment I drift into unconsciousness when I'm awake for too long. That's my plan."
175982878,"I'm sorry for your struggles. I, too, have mental as well as physical issues to deal with. I have depression and anxiety and body dysmorphic disorder....I do not have PSTD. But speaking to your not being able to see a therapist, during the pandemic I have had to see my psychologist via Zoom. This has been very productive. Perhaps you can search for a therapist online and have virtual visits. Just a thought. Also, I don't know if you have faith. My surrendering to Jesus because when I try to control things I make a mess, has saved my life. I see ""God things"" everywhere. Also just my own experience. Best of luck to you. _NAME_"
175982879,"I hope the itching stops. I get reactions like that pretty frequently, I hate itchy rashes. Feel better soon!"
175982880,Kind of lonely today
175982881,I’m so tired. I been up all night. So tired and I have to be somewhere snd I really just want to sleep so badly.
174378769,"I hope to hear again from the original poster. May you be well! I hope to be back on this forum regularly, and I will see how much activity it sees. I have sza, bipolar type; two compulsive habits; and am kicking caffeine (down below 100mg per day now and hoping to quit). Peace, _NAME_"
175982882,I hear them regularly.
175982883,"Haha, I thought my last post on here got deleted because it was offensive or something. I don't think it was offensive. I have trouble with voicing opinions. Recently I voiced an opinion on Facebook and now I am in an uncomfortable dialogue with a family member. Not in my immediate family, but still. Is this what activism is really like?"
175982884,I don't know of any self tests for schizoaffective. I think I have found some for schizophrenia. It took me a long time to be diagnosed with schizoaffective. More than 20 years. For years it was major depressive disorder. Then major depressive disorder with psychotic symptoms. Then finally schizoaffective disorder. I think we have finally reached the right diagnosis.
175982885,Classic bi polar ...mania is too much to surrender. Look at lamotrogine. Helps mania and better with a anti dep...its a slow burn but not sedating and works in the background. A foundation med. Actually he can keep a little managed mania.. I do. It helps. Sounds weird but it's what we know live with. Bi polar disorders are chaotic and complex...to us tje one living with it. It's thr chemical imbalance tjst needs adjusting. Unless you get compliance a s*#t storm awaits. Shrink was probably trying to not over diminish the consultation by her response. Keep strong. HT
175982886,_PERSON_
175982887,Watched Zombieland for the millionth time. I ****ing love this movie. _PERSON_ ?? October 18th Zombieland 2 hits the theatres. Spent the day with drunk people. They were mostly chill so it wasn’t bad. I tried to fit in but I’m just not a drinker. I hit my pen all day instead lol. One old guy kept asking my husband if people asked him if I was his daughter all the time ?. Pretty sure he had dementia I’m older than my husband is and def look it these days. It’s been fun to tease my husband about though ? Hoping to sleep late in the morning since I’m up way past my bedtime. Have to work for a bit and we’re finally going to plant my garden.
175982888,90 mins until i leave for the hospital
175982889,"Why didn’t she prescribe it? I’ve tried gabapentin, up to 600mg, didn’t work at all."
175982890,"You definitely are loved, Job!"
175982891,"Here you have the humanist project in a nutshell. http://web.pdx.edu/~tothm/religion/_PERSON_.pdf Its quite condensed, but puts the foundation. Not that it was the foundation, it existed before that, but it is a good summary of it. Like he said, religion was the theory of the world, which is true in its outward expression as a faith. But, the critique is that the world is bad, so whatever good religion says about the world is but a drug and an acceptance of those conditions. In this way, Buddhists were the first humanists, they started the same, that the world is suffering, and is based on an illusion and you have to wake up. So this waking up, is the Enlightenment. And the hope of this, is that man, only based on reason, would create his own world. So he would suddenly create his own reality, and make things revolve around himself, instead of revolving around others, like society. He would revolve around himself. Its quite a project, which would assume a lot of wisdom, but as far as social organiz
ation, it is possible, but what is not possible is to deny reality, which reason has a tendentious love for. It would be like denying science in order to do what you want, which people tend to do these days. That is why irreligion is in my mind, denying reality, not just that reality that is man made, or man made creations like society. You see it everywhere in all quarters. Global warming is one such thing for instance. Lots of people will say it is man made and therefore can be denied. Even global warmists believe this, the say weather is man made. So here, you have the humanist project to the second degree. The first degree is that the temperature in the world is man made, and therefore you can adjust the thermostat to be more comfortable. Then you have the deniers in the second degree, that say science is made up, just like religion was, and therefore, its about changing human condition, and global warming is the new opium of the people. In both cases, it is humanism and irreligion, with the exact same ar
guments. So that's about it for pure reason giving answers as to what to do. It just turns into a contradiction. Fortunately, polar bears can surf on global warming, no victims at all. Speaking of bears, at least the Buddhist knew already, had went through humanism to its conclusion, and also found the way out so to speak, and the way out was simply just to die willingly. Just stop wanting stuff, so you get out of the illusion. It was highly individual, so no social salvation here, at best the _PERSON_ is kept alive by the community to show them how it can be done. while some others are left to die, and save themselves (selfishly). But yeah, clearly humanism is not something new, it happened in the past way before the 18th century. Its just that some people like to reinvent the wheel, this time getting it right. Now, of course, if the end game is to die, then there is no reason not to help along and make it happen sooner. I guess it was the Nietzschean point of view and the point of view of others, like _PERS
ON_, _PERSON_ and so many others. _PERSON_ especially is quite underrated, since he is the founder of social sciences. So you know what the end goal is. Its about freedom and the hope is to improve conditions, that is the new opium. That's also what activism is about, again a humanist project, but the Buddhist like I said, knew the logical conclusion, and it is not that way, even though the result is essentially the same. People are just very impatient."
175982892,Omg even the Amish are protesting wow.
175982893,"I'm baking spaghetti squash tonight. It's a much healthier kind of ""spaghetti"" I guess you could call it. 60 something calories per serving versus like 220 something calories with wheat pasta. _PERSON_ has never had it. So this will be his first time trying it."
175982894,Tuna sandwich on whole grain bread and an orange.
175982895,Im not sure…I am trying to take herbal medicines. My doc. is opposed to that.
175982896,Severe mental illnesses are lifelong. This includes my bipolar disorder. I’ve been taking psych meds on and off since I was 15 years old. I’ll soon be 57 years old!
175982897,I had a good interview I start my night shift on Saturday at 11pm.
175982898,"Dirty mirror selfie. I’m set kinda. Got my new phone case in, my new hoodie and other things. My dog chewed a hole in my other hoodie, right in the chest area. Got this black one for 9 dollars on amazon. Yeet! And no I didn’t get another piercing. I bought this fake lip one. Of course the nose piercing is real, for those that don’t know me. I used to have my lips pierced but I took them out cuz it’s such a hassle to eat with!"
175982899,"The part about ignoring what you ""should be"" is a good point. I'm a guy who's getting older in life (just turned 23 last month, lol), and have recently graduated from college last May, but I do not have a job yet. And I also have Asperger syndrome (which is a form of Autism that makes it more difficult to communicate, albeit a higher-functioning form) and depression (for 11 years now, and it worsens the social disorder), so applying a job is far from easy. Talking to people that I don't know/haven't known long is difficult, and I even struggle talking to people that I do know well a bit."
175982900,McDonald's for breakfast
175982901,Tomorrow I need to shop for some new jeans. Bleh. Shopping is fun but not when it is for necessities!
175982902,I mean you’re taking two supplements that are opposing each other.
175982903,I really enjoy Greek yogurt with a little honey
175982904,"You were probably right about cats just being carriers. But if so, they can spread the disease too."
175982905,Popped a couple Flexeril. Hope it helps. I’m hurting. I absolutely have to work today...I’ve pretty much blown it off for 2 days. I also have to go to the pedi for a copy of my daughters physical for camp next week. And then to the school. I don’t have the energy for any of it.
175982906,Looking up recipes and ideas for meals and desserts with no added sugars.
175982907,"Mine isn't in person either, I just cannot go today though."
175982908,And sometimes people feel better because they have a close support system.
175982909,Like logically I know it’s all valid but sometimes I get stuck in my head that it’s not THAT bad why am I complaining. It doesn’t really make sense I know.
174378812,"The same to you, _AT_MENTION_!"
175982910,Just watched it. Finished ten mins ago. Ha!!! One of my faves. Borrowed from library. What a trip we both just watched rhe shining. _PERSON_...man- what acting. HT.
175982911,"As I mentioned in another post, I am currently on Zoloft. Thus far, it does not seem to be doing much if anything for me. Today my doctor said that if this situation persists for another few weeks, I should either increase the dose of the Zoloft or consider a switch to Paxil. Has anyone here taken Paxil? How were the initial side effects? If you cross tapered to Paxil how did that go? Dr. thought Paxil might be good for me because he said it tends to be sedating, and I have some sleep problems, which seem to be exacerbated by the Zoloft. Thanks."
175982912,Hi Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175982913,Tomorrow I should call my therapist but I'm sure that she doesn't even want to talk to me Possible trigger: It would be the way it should be if my mom came home and found me dead
175982914,I have no clue lol
175982915,Just some more stuff that I like.
175982916,"Yep, and ""divisions by exclusion” don't concern “good” and “bad” only. I am reflecting that things that look like opposite, are a derivative specialization of a common root. That's how, and why, we can synthesize different perspectives: we are just seeing deeper. Our discussion above it's a good example: - A thinks “I am right, others are wrong” - B thinks “I am wrong, others are right” On the surface, A and B have opposite problems to “solve”. Under the surface, A and B have the same problem... where is the common root, subsequently developed in two opposite problems? Both A and B tend to focus on ONE thing, and struggle to keep in mind two PoV at the same time. “A” AND “NOT A”. I would like to write: “we should learn to replace the preposition OR, with the preposition AND!” ^... but do you see the “mistake” in my statement? Divisions by exclusion, again. It's not what I meant, but it's impossible to express something without excluding something else through 
words. The question is always the same: “where is the common root?”. Where is the common root of “AND” and “OR”? -- Sun Jul 05, 2020 5:20 am -- Being judgmental and critical is a consequence of other difficulties for me. My present goals are to stop pretending by others and do not manipulate them to obtain what I need (I do it subconsciously). “Let them go”. If I don't pretend others to be or to behave in a certain way, my judgment stops spontaneously. And I don't pretend, when I realize that my happiness doesn't depend by others' behaviour or nature."
175982917,I might do volunteering when I get a part time job and maybe go to school part time. I'll be using my free time researching things on the internet to find a way to make money like investing etc.. There's many things to do in this skiiing/hiking town.
175982918,Maybe you'll feel better after sleep. I hope so.
175982919,Omg doctor is sending bf for more virus tests....d and e .....first you need b to get d and e isnt even in this country......quack.....bf will see a specialist.
175982920,"It's okay, I'll post it to my blog later or in the morning and then post a link in here for you"
175982921,"Walks are good! I actually haven't left the house in like two days, but I might go outside for a walk today."
175982922,"Maybe it's time to try something different than geodon. As I am right now, I still get akathasia if I don't have a protein shake, but I feel restless right now, my legs always feel a bit that way no matter what, it's just that the protein shakes help it 90%. Maybe going on latuda will get rid of it completely, and maybe--just maybe, I'll get some more emotion if it's the geodon that is blocking too much dopamine in the first place."
175982923,I took the dog for a walk and I could feel them watching me.
175982924,"Yeah, my friend is a guitar teacher, but he still has a day job. I write and still have a day job. My other friend does stand up and cooks. My other friend plays in a band, and does billing for U of M. We tried but most of us got sucked back into painting and drywall. lol"
175982925,"I'm sorry to hear you are experiencing this. Is there any way you can tell your psychiatrist about these distressing symptoms you're having? The meds don't fully get rid of distressing symptoms, at least not always, but they can help. Maybe you're not on the right dosage or the right meds? It's probably worth giving your psychiatrist a call or making an appointment, maybe. I hope you find some relief from these symptoms. And try not to beat yourself up about the talking to the neighbors thing. If a friend were going through what you're going through, I would never put them down about the symptoms they're having. It's the symptoms that are causing you to behave in that way. So be easy on yourself about it. I know it's easier said than done. And yes, I have felt similarly to the way you're feeling right now before. It's not fun. I know the feeling. Is there anything you can do for self-care?"
174378851,So why do I not care about anything. Like I feel fine and I have recently learned to love myself. But beyond me _USER_ID_. I can't make myself care. I say im sorry when someone brings up an issue they are having but _USER_ID_. My brother was injured in a car accident and I couldnt care less. It is affecting my family but _USER_ID_!!! Just wondering if this is still depression or my schizophrenia. I mean I don't care either way but im tired of getting into arguments because _USER_ID_. It's too much work.
175982926,"Strathmore has that Bristol paper, lucky that they sell it here. I only know that people use it for gouache or marker if I remember it correctly."
175982927,Same thing happens with me. I think people get replies when they've been posting for a long time idk
175982928,"Took one this morning, too."
175982929,Morning meds have been taken no more unless i am having a bad day with voices next scheduled meds at 8 pm tonight
175982930,"Nothing like the woman in the link but I do have a pretty bad memory for life events. Also, I have dissociation issues. So they say... Although I think that might play some part, I get the feeling there's plenty other excuses either all working together, or perhaps working against each other! (Hard to keep up with internal politics.) Such as bad memory recall, good memory for words and bad for images (??), being overwhelmed by incoming information (lots of sights and sounds) causes me to withdraw and ignore, often thinking about other things, not paying attention, etc. I guess, overall, I'm a bit of an ""airhead"". A daydreamer."
175982931,"I'm feeling so excited about the guitar, books, and paints, that I'm feeling hypomanic a bit."
175982932,Is it possible to do just one task at a time at work? Or is it the sort of job where you must multi task?
175982933,no not today
175982934,"Speaking of food, I want to learn how to make flan, my mom used to make it a lot, it's so good, one of my favorite desserts I just realized, in the past couple days I've literally gotten back into all of my hobbies. Drawing, ukulele, playing videogames, studying languages, and reading. I've also started praying again"
175982935,Err. More stress today. The heat aint helping. HT
175982936,"i did and now i have to fill my med boxes again, i got a new one so i can do 2 weeks fill if i want to. I am so danged tired of taking meds, 12 in the morning, 7 in the afternoon and 11 in the evening after i eat. _PERSON_ are wicked to withdraw from, I had to do it 2x and both times i ended up in the hospital having what seemed like a forced withdrawal the first one was 10 weeks and the second 4 weeks. If you are doing it at home just be careful and follow you doctors instructions and don't be afraid to call them if you run into a problem. _PERSON_"
175982937,"The Air Quality Index here is 400!!!! That is so far past totally unhealthy, it is just insane. Should not have run today. Fires are destroying the west coast."
175982938,"Hey there, Medications adjusted again. It really is medication management. I have to go back again this week. All the antidepressants have made symptoms worse."
175982939,"HUGS _AT_MENTION_ I'm sorry the job is stressing you out. Office settings are difficult because of the people. I'm lucky in a way because I'm in accounting and HR which means people don't want to come see me in my office. So I get lots of time to myself. But if I had to deal with some of my coworkers on a daily basis I would probably be really sad coming to work. I think when different personalities get together and politics start it's just all sorts of bad. Sorry you are going through this. Sometimes just keep your head down and it gets better, sometimes not. HUGS Kit."
175982940,I feel so tired and dissociated. Woke up at 3pm and have been napping off and on until now.
175982941,Very good. HT Tried the reduction not good. Spoke with shrink and increased to regular dose. Had to try.
175982942,Excellent!
175982943,Just did!!!
175982944,Woke up. Haven't checked the news today. I don't want to.
175982945,"I also care about you and you have done the right thing to reach out to others for help. Your situation sounds very difficult, and I agree with alanafor about seeking professional psychotherapy for yourself. I know it’s hard to find a therapist, and it may take awhile for an appointment, but try to hold on and keep on doing your best with your parents. I admire you for all you’ve done for them. I have a lot of mental health issues, I live alone, and have taken good care of myself for years, but my daughter ( a nurse ) hasn’t even called or texted me for months. I’m in very good shape physically, but suffer with depression and anxiety. She is very busy with her own career taking care of hospice patients. But all I want to do is talk to her. I am also a nurse, and worked for years with a mental illness while taking meds and seeing a psychiatrist. I always took care of my daughter. The only reason I am doing pretty well now is because I found a good therapist (LCSW). I see her every week, and 
for the first time I really feel good about myself. I owe her my life. I feel like I have a future.So every day I do my very best to keep well. I have good and bad days, and just knowing I’m going to have an appointment to talk to her regularly keeps me motivated to keep helping myself. I hope someday my daughter will see a therapist, but I have no control over what she chooses to do. Let us know how your doing. Wish you the best in life to come."
175982946,"All that sounds yummy, BB. I’m so done with sugar, tho! Agh. It’s making me sick. Probably due to the holidays being so candy-filled. Halloween, thanksgiving, and Christmas. Ay yi yi!"
175982947,tell us how it goes !
175982948,Update: 1. So i never got a call back from that job. I will be looking for another. 2. I got my new meds sorted out. They are on their way to me on monday. 3. I purposely but shouldn't have ordered almost 10 pounds of candy from Amazon. All because I was hungry. 4. I'm about to call my job counselor to get a therapy appt set up with a new therapist. 5. _PERSON_ and I haven't been fighting at all cuz I been happier a bit lately. So we are starting to make some progress a bit.
174378880,"Nice i was supposed to see the pdoc tomorrow but she’s got the flu or something....it will be a month and a half until I see her, it’s a good thing that I’m not sick these days."
175982949,Um whatttttttt
175982950,Im scared I might have shaved metal shards in my throat snd stomach from eating a can of sweet corn. Using an electric can opener when it was going around and around but not actually opening.
175982951,"My friend's new bestest spent a lot of time calling the nursing home and convincing them I need my retinas looked at asap. Thanks to her. She's a better person than me by far. I'm really grateful to her, but I really am a big nothing compared to her. She has been really nice to me, but she was attracted to him initially and he told her that we're together. I don't know about that really."
175982952,"Yeah, it looks like it is something like that. They hook up both arms and the blood goes into some sort of machine and then comes back into you without the platelets. They said you can get cold from the process. I've only ever given blood before not platelets or plasma so I don't really know what I am getting into."
175982953,I'd probably see my PCP first and see what he says. This all started after some stress and feeling anxious.
175982954,I'm sorry falcon! I hope you feel better soon.
175982955,"Saw this on Facebook, thought it was funny, really relatable Attached Images Gamingpositions.jpg (268.3 KB, 5 views)"
175982956,CPS is on our *** right now. The house was dirty today. I hope they don't take the kids away.
175982957,"Same I keep walking to hold it off, but it always comes back"
175982958,"I love Highway to Heaven episodes. There is three episodes about mental illness in the storylines. You can watch Highway to Heaven for free on YouTube. The name of the episode is Normal People. There is also an episode called Alone, it's about a kid who is homeless bc he's disabled, all he has is his cat until he meet his angel who brings him to his dream family who fall in love with him and adopt him. I love this show. There is another episode called _USER_ID_, it's about a man named _USER_ID_ who spends his whole life helping others and he loves everyone ppl with alcoholism, mental illness, the poor etc He played by _NAME_. I love these shows."
175982959,I had a day stim sleep which helped a bit
175982960,"This is about you and the rest of your life so decide what you personally want, if they won’t let you back in your family will just have to accept it."
175982961,"The wealthy get it too, but for every so much they make over the max amount allowed, they get 100 dollars taken off the check."
175982962,It’s a very tasty popsicle based mostly on fruit....
175982963,Gonna do keto diet Gonna withdraw from sugar. Should take 3-6 weeks to feel better.
175982964,"Tired and cold (and depressed),"
175982965,"Oh we finally heard back from the doctor about hubby’s MRI 4 out of his 7 cervical (neck) discs are damaged. At least 2 discs are fully ruptured, 1 is either mildly ruptured or severely bulged, and the last is moderately bulged. So she said she can do no more for him and he needs to see a neurologist. But she did refill the Flexeril. We figure he won’t get an appt until next week because of the holiday. I feel bad for him. I have 2 or 3 ruptured lumbar discs and an anular tear in another. Totally and completely sucks but since I’ve lost the weight my back has only “gone out” once. It’s different with the neck. I don’t think weight has much to do with compressing neck discs. His is 100% activity related. Just for reference last year he chain sawed, dragged out from the woods, loaded into a trailer, unloaded from trailer, and the axe chopped 10 cords of wood...by himself! He roofed our house. he hand built a shed, he does everything. Poor guys in for a rude awakening."
175982966,"Hey unsure, you changed your avatar! I miss your handsome face! Pretty avatar though!"
175982967,How was the first day of school SP?
175982968,"I have struggled with OCD for years, different obsessions take hold at different times but for the past 3 months, I have been struggling with a germ obsession so much. I have barely been managing to eat one meal a day and drink one cup of water a day for the past 2 weeks. I'm trying to see a therapist but I'm still on a waitlist. It's horrible because I feel like I just have to wait and there's nothing I can do and no one really understands. My sister has OCD but even she can't seem to empathize. Has anyone experienced germ related OCD? Or really any severe OCD?"
175982969,"I don't procrastinate when it comes to bills either _NAME_, I am always afraid I will forget to pay one. Or pay late, so that is the first thing I make sure to do. I worry when they don't come on time too. _USER_ID_, I hope that you feel better soon. I get allergies so it always feels like I am getting a cold, but fortunately an allergy pill helps. I am sorry about your financial stress. That can become a big worry. I hope something works out for you soon. _NAME_, I hope that this week is better for you. I know last week was difficult in many ways. Always a new day coming. I hope it proves to be a good one. _PERSON_, thanks for starting the thread. I hope you all have a fantastic week... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175982970,Happy birthday!
175982971,Thanks....only had it once but it was delish!
175982972,hope you dont mind me asking spikes but how do you support yourself if you arent working full time? you cant really support yourself with ssi or ssd alone..
175982973,Feeling better now..
175982974,Three small black plastic organizing bins from Savers.
175982975,Yummer!!
175982976,I tried playing xbox but forgot my email and password.. It took an hour to make a new account. I made another account last time cuz my password didn't work. Now I'm just like mehh.. Have to restart the games all over again.
175982977,Yes but not many. Only with alcohol.
175982978,I’m painting. When you didn’t mix enough paint and need to go back to a certain part and you can’t make that exact mixed color x.x
175982979,I meant the one you went to when you lived at your Dad's?
175982980,I am drinking a glass of water with some clove and cinnamon powder added for flavor.
175982981,"Works over. Pretty easy day, can't complain. I still haven't had any alcohol--stocking to lemon ice tea. I but a thing of cappuccino for the weekends for when i write. I'm going to maybe keep this going until the end of August because I've read that it takes 3 months to really bounce back. Then it will be just 2 beers a day, no more ever. The mexican guy at work is really getting stressed out for some reason. He seems like all the responsibility is on his shoulders but there is no reason for him to feel that way. I feel bad for him, even though he makes more than me. This is really easy interior work, there just happens to be a lot of it. Kinda looking forward to slow work over winter so I can read more books. I don't know guys. I really have nothing to say anymore because of the flat affect."
174378909,Have you been on Cogentin? It's supposed to help with akathisia. I don't take it and never have but heard it's really helpful
175982982,"Thank you for the replies. Yes, I did used to post in the ""Depression"" part. I dont think I need to go to rehab...maybe an oupatient place for my anxiety. I am counting back my drinks per day. There is alot of things going on that sometimes I feel so anxious about . I think I will be okay and I hope I will find the courage one day to fix things. Tomorrow I have to go out of town. Its scary for me..anyway. one day at a time I guess."
175982983,"No, no! There’s so much to live for..please call the suicide hotline for your area..there’s always someone to talk too..there are people who care about you..think of the devastation left behind when someone makes that choice.. your girlfriend made a mistake..if she feels remorse for her actions there’s a great likelihood that you can forgive and an opportunity for growth in your relationship.."
175982984,I'm too shy and analytical to be an artist. My mom used to paint and make art for days without sleep. She only sleeps like 5 hours a night. I think of her as manic all the time. It's always been that way.
175982985,"Called my insurance company today because the bill for the ambulance when I was in the hospital is still pending. So I got transferred a bit til I got to claims. Then a nice lady was able to help me out some. She called the ambulance company to see if they had sent the proper documentation and they said they have so now it is just waiting for my insurance to get it and get it processed. The lady said to give it 45 days, working days, not calendar days. And the ambulance people said my account is on hold until they hear from the insurance company one way or the other. So this is something. At least it's not like I owe $3K for sure. Never ever again do I want to go IP if I have to deal with this much hassle."
175982986,Hope you feel better soon
175982987,"Congrats, i got denied 2 times, took me 2 years too get approve, i had to hire a lawyer and get a hearing from a judge, thanks god i got approve too."
175982988,"Lost my reading mojo. Trying to crawl out of this massive depression, in the middle of this great book about Afghanistan leading up to 9/11, and I just can't do it. I assume this is just part of the anhedonia thing, but it is really an issue, as reading has always been a go-to activity. Frustrating!!"
175982989,Your cats?
175982990,I bought good tequila today and had a couple shots with my sister. I feel like I want to drink more to escape but I won’t. I have to learn to pace myself and deal. Good relationship with alcohol is key.
175982991,Sounds like a busy day. Good luck with therapy and the podcast!
175982992,"Apparently findyouranchor is sending me one of their packages. I requested one when SP brought it up, like 4 months ago when I was struggling. Was surprised to see the email tonight."
175982993,This is a constant for me. I was much more decisive before. I have ignored my condition for so long that my decision making is overwhelmed the constant influx of paranoid thoughts and ambivalent emotions I go through. It makes life much more difficult to process.
175982994,A Quaker Chewy peanut butter chocolate chip granola bar.
175982995,I just applied to another job. One that is above me but we will see. I did my best on the cover letter and my resume is eh...decent.
175982996,frozen strawberry bar
175982997,I been showering every day this week.
175982998,I Googled it. It's a thing D: That would be so good for your anxiety And tolerance doesn't build that much because it doesn't last very long by inhaling.
175982999,"I’m so overwhelmed by what I can do. And each program has its own events, mainly the social VR programs. Idk what to do first man. I just don’t."
175983000,"Glad to hear I'm pretty good, just woke up a little while ago. Plan on trying to get some reading done today, ability to focus has been bad lately How about you?"
175983001,"_NAME_, I do not mean to downplay your feelings at all. I know they are real. I'm glad you are sharing them. These are my thoughts: Whenever I don't feel loved or needed, I do something for someone else. It might be something big, like sitting with them for an entire day, or it might be something small, like paying a compliment. At any rate, taking the focus off of myself and thinking of others is, paradoxically, the thing that makes me feel the best about myself. Also, I'm sure that in your culture, it seems as if everyone else has a girlfriend, or boyfriend, but being 17, YOU HAVE A LOT OF TIME TO FIND LOVE. You don't have to do it now. Fun friendships are very healthy at your age. You might even find that some of your best friends are not anywhere near your own age. Reach out and do something for someone. Volunteer somewhere. I am not 17, but I have been 17 and I know that the pressure to be accepted by your peers is real... but I've learned in my many years that those kids that I thought had th
e world by the tail also had deep insecurities. (Many of them have actually told me that.) The nicest thing you can do for yourself is to reach out and help others. I sincerely hope that you can find the happiness and contentment you desire. I'll be thinking of you."
175983002,Hugs cog....I have a hard time learning new things even if they’re easy....some sort of anxiety bs. You’ll get there.
174378946,Sounds good! I don't know what I'm having yet. I'll see when I get home!
175983003,My brain feels cloudy and I got a headache. My body doesn’t feel quite right. Very sluggish feeling.
175983004,I usually go to bed at 12-1am so in 2-3 hours..
175983005,"Although I have the other problem ~ I am a comfort eater ~ my sister was anorexic. I have to count calories to keep my weight down in the healthy area and so I understand from the other side of the coin. I use an app that gives me the inside info on the products ~ if you have an item you don’t know you can look it up. Also remember that once in a while eating something you are not sure of the macros and calories, eating a little bit of it isn’t going to hurt once in a while ~ it is mainly the over all ~ I weigh in weekly and the goal is to be inside a healthy weight range ~ so my thoughts are go ahead and try something new. Use an app to get the the information. And keep within the healthy weight range that is your set boundaries."
175983006,"Find Your Anchor Have you heard of these anchor boxes they are free for people who are sui.......supposed to help, maybe you should order one?"
175983007,blushes i did not but i will tomorrow
175983008,There are some decent people out there. May take awhile to find but they are out there. You can be with people and still have your alone time later if you need it.
175983009,"Psychiatrist appointment today, I haven't slept. Psychosis is breaking through and Haldol is starting to give me a bit of a tremor so it might be time for yet another med."
175983010,Take it and get in your bed!!!
175983011,No one has any tips for me? :/
175983012,"Yes. I know of at least one foundation run by some of the finest people I have ever known. From personal experience, I strongly suspect that they are in the minority. However, at least one of them is so brilliant that his voice carries a lot of weight. =========================== source: Shelter in Place with _NAME_ & _NAME_ (Full Episode) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5OAjnveyJo&feature=youtu.be To paraphrase Judge _PERSON_, don't let a self-important Cooking Funt tell you what you can and cannot do: Humanity has survived to become the global pest we are, somehow, without Michigan governor, _NAME_, to wipe us, or without Bill _PERSON_ to ""fix"" our genes. source: https://blog.nomorefakenews.com/2020/04/14/passport-to-the-brave-new-world-the-vaccine/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CRISPR_gene_editing Do we really want Bill _PERSON_ to do for human health what his company did ""for"" operating systems?! I'd laugh if the situation weren't so dire."
175983013,Good luck!!
175983014,"Sorry you're struggling falcon I used to have a delusion where I believed the FBI was after me, I know it's scary, I hope you feel better soon"
175983015,"Took morning Vyvanse.. Then fell asleep at 5pm or so.. Woke up at 10pm.. Will try to go to sleep at 1-2am, wake up at 10am."
175983016,Hi. HT
175983017,_PERSON_
175983018,You are zooming through.....
175983019,"SP, do you have any tips for starting to get over agoraphobia, like basic things to help. I'm trying to think of things to do/places to go that can build up my confidence/lessen anxiety while being outside"
175983020,I am still taking my medication but am hearing voices and am delusional occasionally. Life is a battle but I am surviving!
174378975,What's a REMS people?
175983021,"I totally understand your need to be alone but am unsure how you would negotiate it, with wife and kids in the picture, I thought perhaps your wife would like time alone also and you could negotiate that you both get a full and uninterrupted day to self. My guess is she would need less than this, and you would need more and it would be difficult if you all live in the same house. Then I thought, a cabin at the bottom of the garden with a big 'do not disturb sign'. But I reckon you would spend more and more time here. It would become more addictive, more of a need which would not bode well for wife and kids. Also you may not have a garden Does your wife understand your needs regarding being alone? If not, any negotiation will be difficult."
175983022,no not today..
175983023,Insulin for my kitty _NAME_
175283313,Calover for the diabetes check out the online videos of Dr. _PERSON_ of the UK and Dr. _NAME_ of the USA. For the asthma you may get some fresh ideas at this post: https://www.inspire.com/m/nobeta1/journal/asthma-research-up-to-...
175983024,"So sorry you are having a difficult time in getting the police report, and my condolences on your son's passing. I would contact an attorney. I know that procedures vary by state, but I believe that you can use a subpoena to produce documents. Good Luck, _NAME_"
175983025,"There are many threads on the internet about covid and how everyone is reacting to it. I am not a big news watcher because it just upsets me so much. When I do turn it on to try to catch the weather I end up seeing this dreadful disease everywhere. We have shut down this country once and now the medical people are saying we need to shut down again and actually shut down most everything. The states which stayed open and followed the adminstrations advice are now engulphed with this disease. Nothing I have ever seen makes me as anxious and sad as this does. All the deaths, all the sickness, all because we as a country cant work together. Not only this we cant work with the other nations of the world to find common cause against this disease. All this just gives me headaches and makes my IBS flare. My sister called me the other day saying she had ulcers because of all this. When will mankind ever wake up and just work together. Chinese, Russians, British, UK, France US and on and on. People we need to 
come together for our own good before millions more die needlessly. Sorry for the rant it just bothers me so much."
175983026,"You know what guys, I think I know when this started. I think this started real heavily when I stopped taking diphenhydramine which is otc called Unisom or any other sleep pill really, back in august of last year. But I got scared I was hurting my liver with that stuff so I quit cuz someone told me it’s not good on my liver. Ugh. (Diphenhydramine is basically what is Benadryl)"
175983027,"As far as nutrition advice, my pdoc said high protein is good for people like us so you want _PERSON_ or south beach.....from what I recall you’re not a fan of protein and that could be half of the problem. It sounds like you’re eating all carbs which is the opposite of what you need. You’ve got a Library subscription now, check out a diet book."
175983028,"Exercise can suck sometimes but it's so worth it in the end. I burned 900 or something calories today. I want to exercise even moreee.. I've been cleaning my room, brushing my teeth, showering. Am I manic? Nooo I'll never be manic. I'm too emotionally stable. Just my thoughts are very unstable. Always been like that.. It's good because I live in _NAME_. So many things to do and skiing in the winter. My injection is on Friday and I'm doing good. No psychosis. I feel like no one can judge me. I was so paranoid when I moved here, walking around thinking people were looking at me but they weren't. I can go for a run in town and so many people do it and they'd just be like ""Cool he's exercising"" even though I might be running weird dodging people before I get to the trails."
175983029,"I need to buy some bookshelves desperately, and about 10 books for my next book. It's all a tax write off, so there's no need to feel guilty..."
175983030,Sore throat lozenges for my Mom--5 boxes
175983031,Good appointment with my doctor. The med student talked to him about the stimulant and how inconvenient it is to take it at 10:30am so tomorrow I'll try 15mg Dexedrine XR when I wake up and another 15mg XR in the afternoon. I might have to change it to 30mg in the morning and 10-15mg in the afternoon - Who knows. I told him that my meds are good and he sees that I'm doing very well. I'll make an appointment with my therapist tomorrow because my doctor says that he can bend the rules to allow me to see her in person so I can work on my problems. Was feeling a bit of anxiety and paranoia today - I think it's cuz I smoked weed last night. I was frustrated that the Vyvanse wore off and I wanted to focus. But things will be better eventually. Might go for a hike this evening =]
175983032,I feel better after watching a show and reading for awhile
175983033,A Christmas Homecoming by _NAME_ Otomen by _PERSON_ (manga series) Volumes 6-9
175983034,Little _NAME_ zebra cakes
175983035,I'm also trying to be less vague in real life and on here.
175983036,ugh my doctor forgot to sign my valium prescription so I'm stuck with klonopin until next monday.
175983037,I can't think of any off the top of my head but here's some lists from goodreads Halloween Book Lists
175983038,"I was a kid when my grandma died, me and the other cousins went to the basement of the funeral place, there were couches down there. We were laughing and telling stories, pretty soon everyone from upstairs came down and joined us and our wake-like funeral. We just kept saying that grandma wouldn’t want us to be sad so much as to celebrate her life and be happy. Moral is don’t let society dictate your response, be who you are."
175983039,_AT_MENTION_ Have you tried goals that doesn’t have to deal with your weight? Maybe different goals that’s reasonable to help you get motivated slowly but surely. Reward yourself and that doesn’t mean just food but self care... if I had the money my favorite thing is to get pedicures. Or save up money and buying something just for yourself.
175983040,"Caught a dynamax shiftry in Pokémon Sword. So far I’ve caught 95 different types of Pokémon. Have a long way to go to fill my Pokédex, lots of fun."
175983041,Took 2 klonopin. I hadn’t taken any for over a month so it’s okay. I’m just overwhelmed with anxiety.
175983042,Just sitting here.. listening to music and podcasts.. grinding marijuana.. My mom and sister should be back from the city today so I won't feel as alone with my thoughts.
175983043,Meh at best... But better than this morning.
175983044,They're printing money. We're all gonna be trillionaires
175983045,"Have to go to the store later and dreading it, just gotta pick up a few things _USER_ID_: forget it. I’ll just go next week."
175983046,"Is medication supposed to totally stop hallucinations or just get them less? I have always wondered that. My hallucinations have never gone all the way away but they are less than before when I wasn't on an AP. _NAME_, what are your voices saying? Sometimes you might be able to talk back to them. Tell them to shut up or whatever. But if they are command hallucinations that might not work."
175983047,"A few months ago I tried out Latuda( in order to boost the Lamotrigine).It did the job but the side effects were ,shortness of breath,insomia, sore throat and a bad cough. My doc and I decided that I had to stop taking it and today is day 3 and, the weaning off is not so bad (a bit off nausea and feeling down) .At the same time, he increased The Lamotrigine to from 300 mg to 350 mg per day.He said that we will wait and see what the increase of 50 mg per day does and if needed I will start taking a very small dose or seroquel.So much for Latuda !!!!!"
175983048,Jealous (8 chars)
175983049,That's awesome SP!
175983050,It working fine for me but you know they changed the site url this morning....that’s probably what messed it up.
175983051,Damn. I slept. And I slept A LONG time.
175983052,"So, I think part of the agitation is from withdrawing from one of the medications I was on. I was feeling that way before but that multiplied it by like 100 and that's what made yesterday so unbearable"
175983053,YouTube Music _PERSON_ - Hear My Train A Comin’ Hopefully the link worked...
175983054,"Hey everyone, I just found this app from a crisis line tonight. I have dissociative identity disorder and am really struggling with feeling hopeless, alone, and ashamed. Does anyone else have anything like this?"
175983055,Thanks for the reply. She has been tested for lyme disease as well. I am sorry to hear that you are dealing with this.
175983056,I’m cleaning too. The dishes and kitchen. Went to my dads yesterday to do laundry since they closed the on-site laundry place in the complex cuz the Coronavirus.
175983057,Ended up making some mashed potatoes
175983058,oops I meant to post that in the game thread
175983059,it does have a slight calming next day but wears off by afternoon
175983060,I keep choking on my vape cuz I been smoking cigs. I just ate some leftover spaghetti and beer. I'm not feeling the best but whatever
175983061,I’m glad you’re with us
175983062,Thanks _NAME_. My daughter is the best thing that ever happened to me. ?? Motherhood is truly a gift. It opened so many doors for me. I do wish to have one more child before I turn 30. But first I must heal from the traumatic experience I had from giving birth to my daughter.
175983063,"I really don't understand why. She had seem pretty open minded about other social issues and the _NAME_ books preached equality no matter what you're born as ""muggles"" ""Squibs"" or half blood or full blood Then there's the house elf's as slaves and freeing them and such. There's a lot of lessons on that front in those books. I was a major _NAME_ addict but tbh I don't agree with her views on transgender ."
175983064,transcendent
175983065,"Perfume Cereal for breakfast Put on my ring, necklace, and bracelet Wearing my awesome boots."
175983066,Yay!!!!!
175983067,"Wow, that's great!"
175983068,"That’s true. There’s not gonna be another Pokémon game for 2 years, I mean that’s brand spanking new and not a remake. Or over a year. Animal crossing... who knows. Since I met _NAME_ I’ve been playing so many games and what I don’t like about the switch is the friend capabilities are nil to none. But I thought about getting a switch pro apparently is going to come out later this year at Christmas time I might like you know get like a pro and then get the new Pokémon but I really I don’t know. There’s so much stuff I don’t like about the switch compared to the capabilities that the Xbox and PlayStation have and what not."
175983069,"Also, your avatar picture is so funny. Love that bear’s face"
175983070,"blue bird, how's your memory on Trileptal? I think mine is foggier since I upped the Trileptal to 1200mgs. Still, I've been able to sleep the past 3 days beautifully, without taking benaddryl. My plan now is to lower the Geodon to 120 mgs and the Seroquel zero. When I read now I have to pause at the end of each sentence to take in the meaning. This is unusual for me."
175983071,"In my experience, it is good to recognize when you're starting to jog up the anger mountain. To stop, pause, reflect on the source of your anger and to try to head it off before it's out of control. That means, in advance of your next anger episode, to think of all the things that are self-soothing: taking a walk, even leaving the house, breathing, playing music, etc. So, at that pause moment, you can redirect yourself to a self-soothing act. Get some immediate relief and then, when calmer, analyze what triggered you."
175983072,The Wellness Workbook for Bipolar Disorder: Your Guide to Getting Healthy and Improving Your Mood by _NAME_
175983073,"Hope you are feeling better, Sometimes..."
175983074,Neurontin is a brand name for gabapeptin.
175983075,"Yes, I battle with that diabetes thing, also. I have it, part from not being careful with my diet. I also take medicine which could have some of the side effects we’ve talked about, such as increased appetite. However, not taking medicine we need can have side affects also, as we know from anxiety and in my case, bipolar. In one way, I’m glad she increased the Lexapro, which net says is an anti-depressant which also helps with anxiety. So, that should help with your anxiety. We may know in a few weeks. It sounds like you have a good doctor, we can be glad about that. As for if the increased dosage of Lexapro will mean more side effects, that is a good question. It probably will, but there are things we can’t control. That may be why your good doctor was hesitant in increasing it. She must believe in Lexapro. So she must think the benefits outweigh the side effects. I know, we don't like the side affects sometimes. You also said the pain from your surgery is about gone. We can be glad about th
at, too. So, your being positive seems to be paying off in several ways. Are you still being positive and thinking you can solve a problem before going into it? What I do is, before going into a problem, I say to myself, “Think positive, think positive, think positive” so my unconscious mind will be set on positive and will be trying to solve the problem. I do this before I go into the problem. Are you having good success with trying to be positive? Glad you liked the tips on lowering diabetes by eating less carbs and sugar (I eat no sugar) and that sort of thing. _NAME_ on the Diabetes section of this website has a lot of data on that. I also had someone point out how much salt I was eating from canned foods. I should have been eating fresh, unprocessed food when possible and frozen food rather than canned. 12"
175983076,Feel hyper and tired at the same time
175983077,I think it records movement
175983078,"Shower later, exercise, maybe drink some coffee."
175983079,Sounds Good newtus! You have a plan!
175983080,"I'm looking at furniture online. So far, we've decided: For kitchen, maybe this dining nook. For living room, maybe this media stand. For the second bedroom, probably this futon like this that converts to a full size bed. For sofa, maybe this sectional. And I need a desk. So maybe this one or something like it."
175983081,"This thread always surprises me, then I look at myself, and I haven't taken a shower in 3 days so I totally get it. Saturday and Sunday I usually shower though. People just don't understand how flat affect and zero motivation effects us."
175983082,Wanted to say I’m starting that dose of vray tomorrow.
175983083,"I was getting my haircut today and the lady asked me how i was doing, and I told her I have insomnia. She told me that she understands because she has bipolar. The whole time we talked about our mental health while she cut my hair. Super nice lady, to spice her day up I told her she could be a therapist and she smiled at me, I think I made her day with that comment. It felt so good to talk with someone in person who has a mental illness. I can't recall the last time I had an in person chat with someone, and she was so nice--nicest person I've met in a long time. She gave me her card so I get her next time I get my hair cut."
175983084,"Hi _NAME_, I have heard of _PERSON_ but I was under the impression that it was the same one. I agree with you on citalopram, smooth and effective."
175983085,I think I'll talk to my doctor about coming off all these meds at my next appointment
175983086,"Hi _NAME_! I am 28 and I have a son as well. I struggled with postpartum depression after giving birth and I often felt the same way as you, especially while I was on my maternity leave and sat home alone with the baby every day. I'm happy you have support from your husband and parents, but I know just having someone to talk to can help so much."
175983087,"gangstalking sz could be a symptom of the buck always passing. i perceive the buck as any pinpointing and also the burden of existence. the cloud contrast intensifies the _USER_ID_ of war paradoxing to _USER_ID_ the buck so the buck always passes. i perceive each person or any other channel as a cloud spectrum, a subscriptions spectrum and a buck spectrum. i've always perceived my sz as _NAME_ sz, possession sz and targetting sz. now i see the three types as cloud contrast, singularity subscriptions paradoxing and the buck always passing. the clouds intensify the _USER_ID_ to pass the buck along it's journey. the buck is like a placebo. it's never stagnant it never stops it's always flowing. i try and tread water with a placebo version of the buck. i perceive god as the placebo version of the collective conscious of existence ongoing."
175983088,I think it does.
175983089,"I’m nervous about my dentist appointment tomorrow. Not about pain because I know it’s painless to have teeth removed I’m just worried they’ll suggest anesthesia. They have Novocain, the gas, or general anesthesia. I hope they let me just pick Novocain , I don’t want to be knocked out. But one of the roots on one getting pulled is kind of curved so I don’t know what they’ll do"
175983090,Actually went to bed at a reasonable hour last night. Meditated 20 minutes. Walked outside.
175983091,"I run out of pain meds today, gonna have to survive on ibuprofen after that. Still pretty sore from the surgery but I can handle it."
175983092,"It's rainy here too, got woke up at 5am by a thunderstorm warning on my phone"
175983093,"A wrap and a Pepsi Then teeth cleaning supplies and salads, and oh 4 boxes OD chai"
175983094,I used to feel tons of just tactile emotional pain. I don't know if I still do. Sometimes I do I guess.
175983095,I used to see a lot of folks with BDD. Is this new for you?
175983096,"Hey, newtus, maybe u should sit down and just tell him how you are feeling. Hugs."
175983097,YouTube Some days this seems so true...
175983098,"Anyway, have to teach tonight. A little anxious about it. I think I am going to do some visualization so that I can get through it okay."
175983099,Yeah I'll keep them the same for now.. I'm just having a hard time being optimistic.
175983100,Hi I have severe social anxiety which comes from having Autism Spectrum Disorder and it’s something I will always suffer with but have learnt through therapy coping techniques which help and I also take medication that helps. _PERSON_
175983101,"meds yes, supplements no."
175983102,"I'm trying to focus on studying for my ethics course. Thinking about ethics and philosophy brings forward those thoughts I've been having. I need to study my math and I want to know now I have to get the equation to answer the question of God once and for all I will change the world with this answer I just need to get my skills up in math to do it. Ugh why does everything take so long to do I need to focus. It's hard to focus. My mind goes too fast and I can't always hear what it's saying. Other thoughts I feel are being stolen. Logically I know it's not real... right? It's not real I'm just manic. Huh, manic. Really the thought of having the label of bipolar 1 instead of 2 doesn't really change anything about who I am, but it just feels different. Like my identity has changed but I know I'm still me. I just need to focus. Focus on studying tonight. Working tomorrow. Studying after work. I need to pass all my courses so I can change the world."
175983103,"Well, it’s good that you’re writing in. Do read the resources. Do try to break the cycle by getting out. Do try to stay positive that you can get out of the house. Maybe by getting the groceries. That would be an excellent way. Not necessarily in these time of virus, but under other conditions, that would be I think a good way to get out. I don’t get out much either, because of a health condition. I had someone who used to encourage me to get out more. It helped. No one else really cared if I got out or not. So I'm encouraging you. I know what it’s like being cooped up. I've been in a grocery store like one time in 5 years. It was great. But I do try to get out for a walk once a day. Can you be positive about things like that, and others. A lot of this depends on you. How did you lose your fight?"
175983104,I might not go to my dentist appointment tomorrow. I’m afraid to get this virus
175983105,Going to mass this evening. Picked out a nice outfit. Gotta take a shower later. Nervous but looking forward to going
175983106,what is up?
175983107,"Beautiful morning so far. Cool enough for a hoodie. I hope my current tank isn't breaking down, it needs to be cleaned, but I'm not allowed to have it in my room. I wish I could soak it in vinegar overnight. I hope I don't fall back to sleep. I want to go to phys therapy at 11:30. It's been really nice since the third roommate has been away."
175983108,_PERSON_ tired.
175983109,Took 3-4 puffs from a joint. It feels interesting. No anxiety or paranoia. It's different from edibles. Might go to town to buy a coffee energy drink.
175983110,"True that. =) Besides I can go to the hospital any old time, whereas my pass on Disneyland is about to go into blackout dates. You know you're depressed though when it's like, Disneyland or hospital, and both seem attractive!"
175983111,Playing the uke makes me feel so peaceful
175983112,Here the rentals are more monthly than purchasing one.....it’s like inverted right now where an apartment is more than a house. Have you considered a condo?
175983113,Still having problems sleeping. Mornings are full of anxiety and unable to function for hours. Been on Lexapro now for 12 days. Need to have hope that things will get better.
175983114,"Yeah, we think a lot of places are going to go that route."
175983115,Not feeling myself today. Woke up too sedated. Keep thinking about the past and future
175983116,Spaghetti and a salad
175983117,"There’s caffeine soda also, you mentioned both......"
175983118,_PERSON_
175983119,Roll call has just been kind of quiet today.
175983120,It’s Friday!!!
175983121,Morning. Today is my birthday. Here’s my birthday cake.
175983122,"Kind of the same old same old. Weather better though. Another sunny day today which I love. Been outside a bit more with better weather. I hope you had a good week _PERSON_. How is Scotland? Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983123,I like that we are all getting fit and healthy today
175983124,"jaradical: It's good that you are going to see a psychiatrist tomorrow. It could be withdrawal. Webmd.com says: ""Motivational enhancement therapy teaches you self-motivation techniques to quickly stop using marijuana. ""Cognitive-behavioral therapy, or ""talk therapy,"" encourages you to change how you think so you stop using marijuana. You will gain self-control to fight the urge to use marijuana. The therapist might also work on correcting other problems (such as anxiety or trouble sleeping) which sometimes happen when you try to quit using marijuana."" ""Contingency management is another type of therapy in which you set goals and earn rewards for staying drug-free. It also removes rewards if you suddenly start using marijuana."" The above mentioned, ""Cognitive-behavioral therapy, or ""talk therapy,"" which it says ""encourages you to change how you think so you stop using marijuana."" is something that I have tried. To me it is called positive thinking. I read a column about it many years ago 
(I'm on my 25th anniversary for that approach) and it really helped. It said, before you go into a problem, believe that you can solve it. It said, believing you can solve a problem before you go into it, before you start thinking about the problem, doubles your chances that you'll solve it. I think it improves your chances of solving it 10 times or more, because it seems to open up my mind to look for ways to solve it, whereas before, since I was raised negative, I looked for ways to not solve the current problem. Were you raised in a positive household? Do you have a good support system?"
175983125,I don’t feel well. My abdomen is hurting again and lower back pain.
175983126,Just found out _PERSON_ has a twitter. Which is cool.
175983127,"Here it is Thursday. So far, I've had my morning supplements."
175983128,"Glad it went well _PERSON_. I bet you are glad it is over. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983129,That's interesting. I asked this question on my Facebook 2 years ago. Most people on my friends list were a total sound person. I cant relate too much
175983130,I've been asleep all day
175983131,"Hi. I have OCD and probably GAD too, and I will be very interested in how you do with the gabapeptin. I have considered taking it. I am on Zoloft now, at a relatively high dose. I suppose it is helping somewhat but I could use something more, I think. I have a friend who took gabapeptin because she could not tolerate any SSRIs, and it helped her, though she took Valium prn as well."
175983132,That's it! You're going to rehab!
175983133,"_PERSON_ Sun Mar 29, 2020 11:30 pm -- In real life, I can go by body language and facial expressions which improves my social etiquette. One of the bigger struggles I have is in finding the desire and energy to behave socially. I'm often more normal in real life and actually kind of quiet in one-on-one situations. And to be fair to myself, this place is my outlet where I can be a complete weirdo when I feel like it and not have to make total sense or behave like an adult if I feel like it."
175983134,Omg my psychiatrist didn’t diagnose me with borderline bc of one missing symptom!! I know I have it. I also have bipolar which she also said I didn’t have. Went to the doctor and come to find out I blew the charts so. So important to find the right doctor you trust. Always listen to your gut. I relate to you-sent you a request
175983135,Plush by Stone Temple Pilots
175983136,"Nope, haven't since Monday. Will try to get one this afternoon."
175983137,"I tried drawing some flowers yesterday Attached Images F7D60055-86E1-41B4-B22E-8331B391315D.png (624.6 KB, 14 views)"
175983138,I am in stressful situation my anxiety is through the roof. . Had this pain for 2 weeks now.
175983139,I slept all day. I'll never get to sleep tonight.
175983140,"Yeah, that would be cool. I'm trying hard to be hopeful."
175983141,"I have suicidal thoughts from time to time, I know how I should be, and I know what I should do in theory but I don't want to and I don't know how to be alive. If everyday you are just surviving, I mean you are not living. I guess you fake it till you make it. I havent been very good at faking it lately."
175983142,Funny how people are more willing to throw away a friendship out of nowhere and don't respect you enough to even tell you why.
175983143,I'm jealous of people who live with others during this time. I live alone so I've had zero in person human interaction for months now. There's no end in sight at least for the next year and a half while waiting for the vaccine to be ready.
175983144,"I know, with all of us it's rarely--rarely ever situational. Wellbutrin caused me anxiety. It's an upper for it raises dopamine and norepinephrine. Excess norepinephrine may trigger anxiety. It may also cause you to wake up at night and insomnia. It did with me. It did nothing positive for me and my roommate, which is odd, I expected it to help my roommate stay awake since she has mild narcolepsy. Raising the Wellbutrin won't take away your anxiety from what I've read and experienced. Also they say that 400mgs of caffeine a day is okay. I know if I have more I start to shake and can't sleep. I try to stay away from it in the evening. But this is just minor stuff to tinker with that I consider when I consider when my meds are working comfortably. Maybe you're right and you've built a tolerance to Paxil or it's just not with your unique brain chemistry. There's many recommendations I have but I don't want to say them because I don't want what happened to me to happen to you..."
175983145,Go for it! Get some practice in and you can get yourself some scarves ready for winter.
175983146,"There was no smoke break yet. I'm getting really worried that they'll eliminate the smoking. I have a lot of really cool juices and hardware to come. Of course I can only keep one 30ml at a time. The thieving here is unbelievable. They take coils and new bottles of juice from my supplies bag. I'm so bummed about the vape shipping ban. Now it will be harder for people to switch off of cigs and onto vaping. There are a lot of very poisoned souls out there, preventing this alternative to smoking. Everyone is in on the lies, that vaping is bad, and even worse than smoking. The American Heart Association is in on it, there are unfriendly psa's on quitting vaping. It's just so insane. If I could use my vaporizer I'd eat way less candy. I sure hope they'll let us smoke/vape really soon now."
175983147,Soundtrack to Mother Earth's Life Ænima - Tool - their older music videos are so beautiful that you won't even mind the censorship of lyrics
175983148,Sorry you feel awful at the moment
175983149,I'm sorry _PERSON_. I didn't know you had living grandparents. I hope he'll pull through.
175983150,"I'm generally happy today. I was annoyed by a work phone call from someone at the main office in NY. But I got over that, the annoyance part. I think I've been having some hallucinations though."
175983151,"I am a newbie here, but I have experienced anxiety ever since my 20s; I am now 66. Over the years, I have found a number of things which help mitigate my anxiety, and have made up an Anxiety First Aid list which I keep in my bedside table drawer and refer to when needed. Of course, it's particular to me, but if just one thing helps just one person out there a little bit, it's worth posting here. 1 Slow your breathing 2 Every morning, waking up, say ""Today is going to be a great day!"" 3 Keep with routines, even if it's difficult, push through 4 Exercise, get out and walk, and soak up sunshine 5 Pick something to read, but only if it's neutral or positive 6 Limit TV watching, and only objective shows: cooking, nature, etc 7 If you want, keep a journal to write down thoughts, feelings and include gratitude statements 8 Give yourself positive self-talk; get rid of ANTS (Automatic Negative Thoughts); thoughts are automatic, thoughts lie. 9 Constantly praise yourself for doing well 10 Keep interacting 
with people, especially those who understand (can also be people who have passed away) 11 If you have the opportunity, volunteer for something you feel strongly about 12 You will get through it; it will slowly subside 13 It's a chemical/hormonal changing in your body; it will slowly neutralize 14 Touch is healing - people, animals, massage 15 If you feel like crying, go ahead. And then stop 16 Listen to classical music; play your uke 17 Listen to your hypnosis CD (guided imagery with positive affirmations) 18 Keep on a good diet - No alcohol or sugar! 19 Take your L-Theanine (it's not prescription, it's an amino acid supplement which boosts alpha brain waves promoting relaxation) 20 Stay in the moment - focus on what's right in front of you & on what you're doing. Say ""stop!"" if you start to ""think""."
175983152,"Right. I’m just saying it’s a possibility. But also, on that note, when I am not depressed I really don’t need it. And there’s a lot of times where I am not depressed. I feel a lot, so it may be more for someone like Job."
175983153,Thank you for the advice. I started looking in to it.
175983154,I was going to visit a woman that used to work where I used to work. She hated my ex step dad. She has stage 4 lung cancer and won't live long. My mom walked down to see her but I couldn't because my sister has the keys for the house and people could break in and take my computer. I want to see her and she would like to visit me and I could have carried my computer with me but I guess it's not meant to be. My mom can see her to see what could happen to her and just talk for the last time. That woman is really tough though and isn't afraid of death which is good. It still makes me sad though. Life makes me depressed sometimes.
175983155,"The closer it gets to my doctor appointment (GP/PCP) the more anxious I get. I usually take a xanax or two before going to see her but since I am going for BP I need the results to be accurate. It's going to be a Zoom call from her office so her office staff will still take BP, vitals, whatever. I'm just not going to let them weigh me. I weighed myself this morning and they can take my word for it. Otherwise I don't know why I am so anxious about this appointment. Just getting older. Getting more stuff wrong with me."
175983156,Possible trigger: I drank a glass and a half of wine this evening and tonight I'm feeling slightly suicidal. This is why I haven't drank any alcohol in months. I drank it again because I forgot that it makes me feel horrible. I don't want to live. My dad told me not to talk about it.
174379155,"Unfortunately, that is exactly where I am. I couldn't get anyone to listen to me until he had been incarcerated several times. He was diagnosed with all kinds of things, and I was even recording and documenting every symptom and as many episodes as I could, because in my gut I felt it had to be schizophrenia. I didn't know anything about schizoaffective disorder at that time. All of the doctors thought that it could be drug induced because he would say it was, but I knew it was more serious than that. He was hiding behind the story of being high to hide the real symptoms. He has been in jail for a year this time for something he did during a serious breakdown. The lawyer I hired finally helped me get a doctor to do an evaluation that had several different tests, and she looked at all of the things I had been recording, which I had been begging doctors to look at for 2 years. I don't know how to get the doctors to listen, especially because your son doesn't want to talk to anyone. I do suggest docum
enting everything you possibly can, whether it is videos or just keeping a detailed journal. That was my saving grace. Keep being his advocate. Every emotion we feel is minor compared to what they are thinking and feeling."
175983157,Maybe we could start a zoom depression and anxiety support group. I also suffer from These illnesses for a very long time. As you all probably know mental health does not get the support it needs. Not sure how it would work but if there is an interest i would look into it.
175983158,Christmas Music on iHeart radio.
175983159,Ahh. I see. Hope you feel better soon!
175983160,My mom is out of surgery...doctor said everything went well......yay!
175983161,"Yikes, why when I read certain spiritual books do I tend towards not taking my meds? Then I feel like a complete failure after not taking my meds, even if it's only for a few hours. Also the covid vaccine has made me get body aches all over. It sucks. I guess at least I got the vaccine but I feel terrible right now."
175983162,"No, but I will in the morning. I was going to do it tonight but I don't have a hair dryer right now and my hair would be wet half the night"
175983163,"It hasn't snowed where I live yet, _NAME_."
175983164,Thanks bluebird!
175983165,Yummer!!
175983166,"So far, I've taken my prescription but not my supplements."
175983167,"I miss spring and summer. I don’t go out a lot, but just sitting outside BBQing is nice. Going for a drive with the windows down in the middle of the night. I miss it. Winter sucks."
174379160,Coffee cake made with bisquick cake part: 2 cups bisquick 2/3 cup water (you can also use milk) 1 egg 2 tablespoons of sugar Topping 1/3 cup bisquick 1/3 cup brown sugar 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 2 tablespoons butter Spray a pie pan with pam. mix together all the ingredients under cake and put them into the pan. Mix the topping together with a fork until crumbly. Sprinkle topping over cake part until the top is all covered. Can smooth with a knife if you want. Bake for 25 minutes on 400 degrees. Enjoy!
175983168,My meds are so simple.
175983169,"My dogs are literally walking around the house barking at everything and anything. There was a car accident right in front of my house so the crash, yelling, sirens, and a shitton of people in the. Yard talking. I’m on the verge of just leaving so I can get some quiet. Jesus guys."
175983170,You could benefit from grounding. Do you lift weights?
175983171,Yikes. I am anxious. This is not too good. I have a flight home from abroad on Thursday. Ugh. I have such mixed feelings right now.
175983172,"I was looking up what are good muscle relaxers because I took a 5mg diazepam (Valium) today and my muscles were so relaxed that I was able to read while sitting still. I honestly always need something to relax my muscles. The diazepam wore off and I read that magnesium is a good muscle relaxer so I'm going to take that (I have 180x 150mg capsules that I found in one of my drawers). So I'll take 150mg. I'll see how it goes. I also realize that CBD is a really good muscle relaxer but at 50-100mg and lasts ~1-2 days. I'll write down all of my current chemicals (Meds, supplements and legal drugs) here any why I take them later."
175983173,"Good job, bud."
175983174,I try to but it's hard
175983175,"It's dark and gloomy with thunderstorms, I love it"
175983176,I took the dog for a walk and I feel a bit better. Stupid work stuff. Doctor doesn’t really want to give me benzos.
175983177,I'm so sorry you are having all these scary negative thoughts SC calls it stinkin thinking-so true I'll keep you in my prayers-I have a strong faith in God but at the same time sometimes I get really scared Tell yourself-Thy will be done and know that no matter what happens he will hold you in the palm of his hand All my best Wishing you peace
175983178,"Yikes, I just kind of realized it was a bad idea to take the Xanax XR. Crap. Now I feel stupid. Oh well. I just won't take it tomorrow."
175983179,I tagged u in the group. It should be in your notifications
175983180,"Anyway, I plan on walking more now that I have that water bottle. It actually wasn't so bad today walking to the library even though it's a long walk, I did better than I thought I'd do. It helped that it was cloudy and windy so I didn't have the sun glaring down at me. And as soon as I get my smart watch I'll be able to count my steps again."
175983181,Laid down for an hour and tried to sleep. I have no idea if I did or not though because I don't remember waking up. made myself eat something since I haven't ate much the past few days and gagged and almost puked.
175983182,Happy Canada day! So much for starting with normal routines I’m stil in bed and it’s after 930am. Back to the grind tomorrow for two days and then the weekend. It was nice having these five days off in a row. Part of me worries that the company gave us these two extra paid days off because they have bad news on the horizon later. Bleh.
175983183,Sorry _NAME_
175983184,Yeah strathmore is what I use....it’s definitely atypical but it gives a different look....
175983185,"Albear, I am sorry you are going through these struggles...there are few things more difficult than not getting sufficient sleep. I am glad that you are taking steps to get yourself into a better place...literally with making a move and in the sense of seeking help with a P-Doc. I believe both of these steps will be very beneficial. For now, I do have a couple of suggestions that could help you now before you can be seen. One is the use of White Noise and/or Binaural beats. Both can be downloaded/streamed on a computer or smart device. They can both be effective in blocking other sounds, and inducing relaxation and promoting sleep. In a pinch a fan turned on med/high can create enough white noise to help. My daughter can' sleep without hers on. Second, have you had a chance to check out all we have to offer in the Resources at the top of our main forum page? We have into/help for OCD as well as a bunch of CBT material including therapy worksheets, and even online programs that you can work daily. I
f you've not done so already, check it out. Self help is really effective and worth the effort! Keep posting with us as well for encouragement and support. We will be here to cheer you on in your progress! S.C."
175983186,You’re ok....
175983187,Tomorrow I am supposed to get the ring I ordered from _PERSON_ to celebrate my one year of recovery from SH (next month). It was supposed to come in January but I got an email saying it was coming and I tracked it and it says tomorrow. I am really excited to get it. I think it will help me going forward too. Like have something tangible to hold and remember when things get rough.
175983188,Sometimes I just make myself of bowl of buttercream frosting.....
175983189,"Thanks, sorry I just feel like it’s really all I talk about now. Reading books and studying and all that. Work this and study that. Dog cute. Food tasty. Mood doing well. That’s me!"
175983190,"I am so sorry for what you are going through. It is a vicious cycle of needing to treat the anxiety, but being anxious about seeking treatment. I can only suggest that when looking for online therapists, check the reviews and look for ones that specialize in Social Anxiety Disorder. They will be most understanding if you say that during the telehealth visit, you don't want to be on camera too long or that you are not going to make much eye contact. I'm sure there's nothing you can say that they haven't heard before. And this may help so that you can get on anxiety meds, if needed, because as you say, the response to working is not normal and needs to be dealt with. Once your anxiety is working on being controlled, you can pursue this job opportunity with better confidence and gusto knowing that you are taking control of your life and trying to deal with these issues. It seems overwhelming now, but step-by-step you will get there. Take the first step today if you can and look up telehealth therapist
s that you think you may want to call. You do NOT have to call them today. Just get a number or two or a website and check it out on your own time and see if there is one you may want to use. If you can do that, boom, you've accomplished the first step into taking control, and that's Huge! I wish you well."
175983191,Forgot to show y’all the flowers my dad bought me yesterday.
175983192,"i didnt sleep at all last night, very tired"
175983193,Shouldn't have to be at work the day before a holiday! I wanted to take it off but too many people were taking it off and someone had to be around to answer the phones. So here I am!
175983194,My past week went fine. I currently have nothing new in my life to discuss. And that's fine with me for now.
175983195,I have to buy myself another one because it’s been 2 years since I turned it in. _PERSON_
175983196,Yes this is an extremely terrible time for me with meds. It’s so bad. I’ve come close to fainting during summer times. I am skipping the outing for work to goto the zoo. I just can’t with this heat. And our a/c doesn’t work good and I’m scared. I start throwing up in heat and probably have to goto the ER once a year due to the heat. Ugh.
175983197,"Hi _PERSON_, Thank you for your kind words! It really does sound like we have very similar symptoms and experiences so it's unbelievably reassuring to hear that you feel much better than you did before, well done to you! Depersonalisation has never really affected my vision, I had very mild dream-like vision at times and my vision has definitely changed through hyper-alertness when I was experiencing anxiety severely, it became sharper sometimes. Like we both say, it still takes one day at time, but it definitely helps hearing stories from others so thanks again for reaching out All the best"
175983198,I actually did my job! I did it for a bit today and it was good.
174379187,"Eh... ....I think many schizoids have a history of relationships with unhealthy boundaries that don't meet their emotional needs. In that respect, it's really hard to see someone with SPD as ""paranoid"", because their wariness of people is warranted by their experiences with people, so it's hard to consider it as a delusional perception. I think maybe if this post is indicative of your posting style, you might not get as many responses because it's not singularly focused, so there is too much for people to unpack to reply. In this post alone you talk about SPD, paranoia, psychopathy, suicidal ideation, autism, schizophrenia, and menopause. Oh, and alters (DID). That's a good chunk of the DSM. It is HIGHLY unlikely for all of those things to be going on in one person. It makes you sound like a hypochondriac. It will also be hard for people to relate to all of those things. Probably, what might be helpful in posting and perhaps tackling your issues, is to deal with one thing at a time, starting with 
whichever is the most urgent."
175983199,I’ve been coughing up mucus today but it’s clear. Not green or anything. Chest sorta hurts but idk what it’s from. _PERSON_ says his throat is itchy today. Idk if everything is from allergies or something else. We did leave our window open a bit for many days until yesterday. Idk.
175983200,"Hi there, they are just humans with faults. Their behavior represents themselves and has nothing to do with you. Focus on being the best human you can be. Stay safe and be well"
175983201,Thank you so much that means a lot to me!
175983202,I wish I could see my mom. I'm not comfortable with fiances family here.
175983203,"Me too, friend."
175983204,"Yeah you're right. I was paying for my own plan basically and the plan does nothing, essentially. Ha. But I just applied to the thing for benefits coming from the gov't."
175983205,Congregation of the Damned album by Atreyu
175983206,"My work said we are going on reduced hours as of the week of April 5th. Sucks. The economic slowing is hitting our industry. We supply machines to people who supply products to companies in various industries, one of which is the aerospace industry and we all know that airplane companies have been taking a dive lately due to this outbreak. So people are buying less from us which means we have to work less. But there is this program in CA that is through unemployment that the company can sign up for even if they aren't laying people off (yet) that can get people paid in part for the time they missed. It does mess up the employers unemployment insurance rates in subsequent years but it is good in the short term and my company is going to do that so hopefully it won't hit us all so bad economically. Sucks though. I hate COVID 19."
175983207,Hahaha I mean like Mexican style pastries or pies sorry
175983208,I haven't been able to sleep yet
175983209,"Feel crappy today. I took two Xanax. I feel kind of sick. I probably should have only taken one. I was kind of panicking because work is making us furlough again two days a week. I'm like **** I don't need this crap right now. Sales peeps need to get out there and sell some stuff so we don't have to furlough. I was talking to the owner yesterday about how long she thought we would have to furlough and she was like, IDK. Didn't make me feel better. Don't know if I should look for a second job, or what. I did apply for a totally different job but I don't feel like I have a great chance of getting it. My education is good, more than they ask for which sometimes works against you. My work history isn't exactly what they are looking for but I'm pretty sure I can do everything in the job description. My Mom is like don't jump ship. My Dad hasn't said. My Mom said don't get a second job because she doesn't know if I can do it. Working two jobs sucks. I did it for a little while but it was tough. She said 
they can probably help me out a bit with the money side. I'm just like FML right now. I was already struggling and this made it so much worse. The Xanax made me tired. I need a nap. I can't lay my head on the desk because there is a meeting in the next office and someone might notice."
175983210,"Yes, it was very cute. I forgot to see if he had bunny feet lol. No heart attacks here."
175983211,"Welp.. Feel a bit depressed. My aunt talked to me on messenger about my concerning post on facebook. I talked to her about things. She asked me things that made me laugh recently. Many things. She posted videos with my uncle, brother and two cousins laughing playing a game at the bar. So I'm thankful for my family at least. And I need to lighten up I say to myself. I just get caught in my own head. And my own head is very depressing and dark and trippy af. I really need to lighten up and laugh more.. funny things help me.. Just the bad trip psilocybin overdose really really messed me up to this day.."
175983212,I'm waiting to find out what flavors of ice cream are on sale at the local ice cream/convenience shop. They have a sale every week on 3 of their half gallon flavors for $3.29
175983213,something doesn't feel right. They're telling me we're going to die. I'm not ready to die... I need to bleed. they want to see me bleed. Paranoia and anxiety... It doesn't feel right
175983214,My whole family is allergic to cats. We don't use pills but eye drops instead that make the eyes less itchy. Btw u are bad scientist for being allergic to mice. How will you know how fast a mouse can go through a maze on Valium...
175983215,"You inspire me, _PERSON_!!!!!!!!!"
175983216,Yes I did and I washed my hair.
175983217,"So when discussing with my birds what we're all doing during quarantine, as someone that's still working regularly, like nothing is happening. my birds aren't all working regular hours. My blue and white _PERSON_ is an accountant, and he's working from home on his laptop. My one Green Cheek _PERSON_ is a member of law enforcement, so obviously, she's working. The other _PERSON_ is a car salesman, and he's working too, but was given the option to stay home. He likes the money, and believe it or not, people are still buying cars. My other budgie is a librarian full time (and part time philosopher), and he's still working, but his hours we cut. The lovebird is on disability, and the _PERSON_ is a poet, and let's be real, we all love him, but he doesn't do anything other than watch YouTube, drink Mountain Dew and eat fattening bird seed."
175983218,What is meant by poor response though?
175983219,I’m late o the party but hope you’re getting sleep....
175983220,Take care of urself ?
175983221,I'm no scientist or anything it's quicker to just give them mine.
175983222,Basically the trend has passed...
175983223,"Got a nice, lovely, caring email from Former T today. I've emailed her but she hasn't emailed me since April, so it's been a while. She gave me some practical advice, like how to go to the hospital, not mention the battery thing, and get stitched up and out of there without getting a psych evaluation. She focused on my connection with current T and tried to strengthen that. Recently current T saw some terror in me and there's a lot I haven't told current T but she might be guessing at some of it, and Former T made that okay. It was a lovely email. It made me feel like a human, and cared for, and just, IDK, wonderful. But I feel wilted now, like I need to lay down and weep. I'm wrung out like a rag doll."
175983224,"I hate to say this, but idk why anyone could goto the library anymore for books alone, when amazon has the biggest selection of books. Plus they have millions of free books. Classics, self published, indie, etc. I’m not sure if people are aware that classics are public domain most of them. So no need to pay for them."
175983225,A couple of my hero academia cosplay outfits via wish.com which I am waiting on as of yet. That includes the gym gear goody the backpack as well. Was hoping to use at an anime convention but that will need to await until next year if ever.
175983226,How many hours do u have so far?
175983227,"So far, so good."
175983228,Can't wait till my yoga set and Legend planner come
175983229,Took back that tea kettle.
175983230,I wish we had ice makers in our rooms. Or in the hallway.
175983231,"You should watch them sometime if you feel comfortable with it, they’re really amazing. I’m actually in the process of watching all the movies over again. I’m onto the last one now, Deathly Hallows Pt. 2"
175983232,"I think I’m going to still be doing homework Sunday, it’s my own fault for waiting so long....oh well, better than late."
175983233,Well I don't know. :/
175983234,showered and shaved
175983235,That's sad. You definitely don't deserve that!
175983236,My abdomen hurts AGAIN
175983237,My mom buys alcohol for my 16 year old sister all the time so she ordered alcohol and wants me to use her bf's bank card to pay for it. Yknow why I haven't been arrested yet? Because I'm not idiot!!! But here the law is a 17 year old can drink alcohol at home under the supervision of an adult and she's 17 next month so..
175983238,I hope you're able to get some sleep soon without the nightmares
175983239,What is this that we are doing on this forum? Like the deep physics of it.. While not wanting to be psychotic... yet we are atoms and particles.. taking molecules to fit in with society and not feel torture.. It's love. But nah I'm jk ignore that. I'm still good. I'm just having a little fun cuz rarely I let myself let go.. but on meds we're not allowed to do this.. and people have addictions to it.. Why? Cuz this.. so yeah.. We all just need to love and cooperate in society.. rich to give a little money to the poor.. not all of their money... just a little bit.. pay for our meds a little bit maybe.. american health care sucks.. really sucks...
175983240,"I miss my mom, that’s probably why I’ve been depressed the past few days and not realized it. This time of year, birthdays, etc are all still hard even though it’s been 4 years."
175983241,My Xbox will be here between Wednesday and Friday of next week
175983242,It’s the just beecause one....little ? then thEy _NAME_ flowers on the inside with my note....I’ll post it on snap because it’s got names.....
175983243,I fear that I’m boring. Like my days are pretty much: Wake up 5am. Have a shower. Go to work. Off work at 230pm. Go home. Go upstairs to study. Eat dinner. Do dishes. Take dog for a walk. Study some more. Read. Go to sleep around 9pm. Today I went to Starbucks on the way home. Sometimes I don’t go back to studying after dinner but I’ll watch TV. That’s... basically it. Aside from running errands. I don’t mind it. But I feel like to other people I’m no fun. Just something I was thinking about.
175983244,Nah I’m just in a stressed out mood where I want to do drastic things. My hair is down to my hip almost and I’m trying to just let it go as long as I can.
174379271,_AT_MENTION_ thank you really appreciate it ??
175983245,"I don't think my regular _PERSON_ did a good job of screening for suicide tonight. I went in and Possible trigger: told her I was suicidal, that I've been suicidal since Monday, and I asked her if I did x could I die from it? She said yes btw. I thought about going to the hospital, I drive right by it on the way to her office. But the hospital sucks. She said do whatever I have to do to get through the weekend. I said even Possible trigger: cutting she said whatever you have to do. Okay....so. she said she didn't know if she was helpful tonight. I don't know if she was either. Oh well. Hugs to everyone _PERSON_"
175983246,"I feel like writing a lot. Because I have a lot to say. My mind is like asjfkafjka bfjksjf fjaf jkfjfk.... I'm trying to organize my thoughts. They are scrambled. I have so many things to do. The phenibut stopped working. I hate xanax cuz it makes me feel numb. I need to organize my notes. I have hundreds of notes that I need to read and organize. I'm not eating and want to research more about fasting, meditation, spirituality, philosophy... Addiction is complicated. This is what people with my personality do. They torture themselves by sacrificing pleasure for future. But also sacrificing future for pleasure by failing. All my thoughts are scrambled eggs and meaningless. I feel like I don't have enough time to learn. I have so many things to do. Investing, podcasts, trying to learn skills, reading books.. I'm overwhelmed because I can't relax. I put pressure on myself. I want to make connections with family. I have to get a job. I have a doctors appointment tomorrow morning and a therapy and psych
iatrist soon after and I don't know what to say. What do I say? I need to talk with someone for a few days for them to know what's really going on inside my head."
175983247,"I have a similar problem, but with my adult son. I got help from my therapist. Language can be highly misinterpreted when put through the brain of those with mood disorders, especially those who have suffered from serious trauma. So words like Besides, although, but, while, etc., lend themselves to misinterpretation. As does irony, humor and sarcasm. So the best thing to do is to break down language into shorter, more declarative sentences. Secondly, there can be no implicit criticism, as that can be a trigger. Lead with compassion, understanding and love. So what if you are a human being and say imperfect things? Accept that you will and move on. But don't plead for forgiveness. Just move on. There will be eruptions. In a text exchange with my son, we were getting mired in his misunderstanding something I wrote to him in humor. I should've added a smiley face. I dealt with it by sending hearts and an I love you. We got through it. Hope this is a little helpful."
175983248,Thank you!
175983249,Medscape Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotics Cut Suicide Death Risk in Half Patients with schizophrenia who switched to a long-acting injectable antipsychotic had lower mortality and fewer suicide attempts in comparison with patients who continued taking a matching oral antipsychotic.
175983250,"Haha. It's funny to me, too. I got it from a random band name generator. I decided to keep it because it was super random."
174379279,"I am sorry you are struggling, NOS. I am not sure I totally follow whatyou are describing, but that is just me, I am sure. I hope you feel better soon."
175983251,Problems of the future lol..
175983252,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette
175983253,"I've got a lot of NPD ""qualities"". For what it's worth, I was surprised to find this (although most here are probably already familiar with the ideas being presented): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcissistic_withdrawal#Schizoid_withdrawal"
175983254,If you dont need help then why are you on this site? This site is for humans that are trying to improve. There are people on here desperately trying to stop drinking or whatever their addiction is. What is it you are looking for? I dont see the purpose of your post - that you enjoy an altered life and prefer to not live your life and deal with feelings of the day to day so you hide in a bottle? Religion has nothing to do with wanting to be healthy and not be controlled by a substance.
175983255,"Yeah, yahoo news. But the journal was Nature Medicine. Published Monday."
175983256,"What's everyone up to? It's a rainy day, love it"
175983257,Hey DT glad to see you and glad the therapy went well. Sorry about the spinning out of control wreck part. I updated your anhedonia thread check it out.
175983258,_PERSON_ is still not working for me.
175983259,Yeah I have insurance. Just not sure yet what they will pay. I guess step one is to talk to the financial counselor at this IOP before I make any decisions.
175983260,Oh and my friend in NC tested positive for Covid 19 on Friday. First person that I know that actually got Covid. She says her symptoms are mild right now but I am still worried.
175983261,"Snapchat is where you create a visual story with both videos and pictures and they are only like 6 seconds long but can be longer. Instagram, while heavily for pictures, pictures can be captioned with long form text below it."
175983262,"I had another meeting with smoking cessation group, not doing very well but sticking to it (going to the meetings). Last week I kind of decided to just keep kind of trying. I have a lot of problems controlling things in my life and smoking is just another symptom. As I mentioned before, I went almost two days and it was easy but I just got a pack. I think I will ""keep the ball rolling""."
175983263,All that's really left is the background check
175983264,Black coffee. Had ziti for dinner
175983265,"I feel good. Like my mood is stable. I'll be happy to see my psych NP and let her know I'm doing well because it's been a loooong months after months of med adjustments. I hope to stay stable from now on. Of course, I know I'll still have my ups and downs, but I'd like to get through a year without any major episodes. Then I can fully be ready for when I start taking my college classes again in the spring. I won't have to worry about having to stop again due to mental health problems. I'm determined to do everything I can to maintain my stability. I'll do volunteer work when I can find some and am ready. And after college I'll get a part time job somewhere through supportive employment. Anyway, I hope to get somewhere in life. It may not be as great as where other people may be but I hope to at least finish up my associates degree and move on to my bachelors and eventually masters and get a decent job."
175983266,"Good morning, enjoying some coffee. Appointment with my pdoc tomorrow over the phone. Not having any issues with the new medication so that's some good news to tell. Spending today reading my book and relaxing mostly. Friday I'm getting McDonalds and ordering an Xbox One, you have no idea how excited I am about both those things lol That's gonna be an awesome day. Then this weekend I've got to do my grocery shopping. And my household essential shopping at Family Dollar, which I'm not looking forward to honestly cause it's stressful doing that nowadays but at least it will be done and I won't have to go again for awhile, plus I do have masks to use while out so that's something I don't have to worry about. I made my bed. Gotta take the trash out in a little bit. Anyway, hope everyone is doing alright"
175983267,"Everyone here loves you, but it’s hard to comment when there isn’t an obvious solution....."
175983268,Ate broccoli Meditated
175983269,"I’m wondering how people cope with living with someone who has/still cause damage to your mental health? I’m currently stuck with my mother who causes me a bunch of mental abuse. She causes me to think of myself badly, worry, and a lot of other things. I have addressed her many times about how she makes me feel, but she ends up playing the victim. I’ve contemplated ending my life on many occasions because of the way she has treated me over the years and it’s like I’m reliving my trauma. She knows what her actions have caused, but yet she doesn’t change. Since I graduated college, I had to move back in with her. I’m there for my niece to be a good influence on her, but it’s hard. I feel like Im spiraling out of control. I have had 3 anxiety attacks in a week span... I need help before I go down the road of thinking awful thoughts... I have been diagnosed with PTSD, depression, and anxiety."
175983270,"The average time to relapse is 1-2 years. If you relapsed that fast, you are quite unstable and probably have to stay on indefinite or long term antipsychotic for 5 years or more"
175983271,"Always goto your PCP first, urgent care second and ER if you’re literally dying....like in so much pain you can’t sit still. Besides your ER said you might have a kidney infection or a pulled muscle...that’s not nothing. Did you call your PCP to find out about the infection and whether the urine came back positive?"
175983272,"Not good, fish oil helps somewhat though"
174379332,"Yeah. I had the whole 3 days to read it and I was about... maybe 13 years old when the 5th book came out. I guess for a kid it was pretty good. I can't get into non fiction unless it's something I'm really interested in. Philosophy is your thing. However, when I was first diagnosed as schizophrenia and psychology actually interested me. Mainly because of my diagnosis. Now I can't stand reading information on psychology or well... I can't keep on reading articles that talk about medication or the illness itself."
175983273,We've been playing My Time at _NAME_
174379322,"Yeah the problem is I haven;t been withdrawing from any antidepressants, lol. I guess it could be because of going down on Abilify, but I kind of doubt it. Also have like a splitting headache."
175983274,"I just had lunch: a turkey and cheese sandwich, an orange, cool ranch Doritos, and _PERSON_. I'm still hungry. =("
175983275,Yup that’s what I was thinking ?
175983276,I also recommend try cutting back to 10mg and see how it goes.
175983277,"_NAME_, Sorry, my head is killing me and I'm at working trying to hang in there... He wants a note from the psychiatrist, and he would have the psychiatrist write the script . He would not do it, but since I'm under the contract, I need to let him know. My thought is with all this can't do this and can't do that....they probably won't let me have it. As we all know with anxiety, sometimes just knowing you have a back up with you can calm your nerves. Honestly, I still think it's crazy that medical marijuana is now pushed and medication controlled by a doctor is a no-no. I think things will eventually change, but that's just my thoughts. I hope they will change."
175983278,Yes I did
175983279,"Thank you, _USER_ID_! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season"
175983280,"Oh holy ???? No, definitely no street drugs involved in this! Smokes is sober"
175983281,Anyone heard from _AT_MENTION_?
175983282,Morning Time to unpack But been working on how to get airplane mode not greyed out on windows 10 for 3 hours omg.
175983283,Sooooo I got voicemail for the counselor I contacted and he didn't return my call. It's been a week. I requested the police report over the phone last Tuesday. Woman said send in a written request and a check for $15 like it was no problem. So I did and the chief wrote me back saying unfortunately due to the criminal history information act he is unable to do so and returned my check. First of all my son is not a criminal. Second he must think he's dealing with a stupid person. I googled it and it does not appear to have anything to do with me obtaining a report. It's taking all I've got in me not to fire back at him but I think it's best I get a lawyer.
175983284,"Boundaries are important but so is trust. For me, I'm very distant and like to be that way with everyone. I don't see myself in my lifetime as being close to people but family. I'm very rhetorical and don't consider myself to be a real person idk ^-;"
175983285,_NAME_ by _NAME_
175983286,"I love the movie, Ordinary People. _NAME_ and _NAME_. _NAME_ is their surviving son struggling w suicide over death of his brother. _NAME_ is his psychiatrist ."
175983287,Drinking some Dr Pepper at the moment.
175983288,"What do you consider ""unusual triggers""?"
175983289,Hanging out with _PERSON_ in AC
175983290,"Next time I have a panic attack, I'm playing this song; YouTube"
175983291,"No, it's very quiet here, probably because the police headquarters are across the street haha I don't know if it would be first floor again. at the new place, the apartment they showed me was on the 2nd or 3rd floor, there's much more privacy there though, it's kind of an apartment complex where they help you with your goals and they work with your doctor, therapist and case manager with you. It's not exactly assisted living, you live in your own place there and are independent but they meet with you once a month to make sure things are going well, and there's community events and stuff to go to in their big rooms for residents to socialize and stuff. Plus it's very safe, there's security and you have a video screen in your apartment to see who's at the door on the main floor, they have to have a code and you have to buzz them in for them to even enter the building, plus there's always security on the main floor. You can choose to ignore and not allow anyone you don't want there. there's a lot of p
rivacy"
175983292,How did it go?
175983293,Stop that sizzurp!!! No but I hope you'll be ok.. You're not on an SSRI right? Careful it can last 12+ hours depending on the dose. Check to make sure that there's no acetaminophen in it - Otherwise go to the ER so they can inject you with NAC to prevent liver failure.
175983294,Garlic noodles
175983295,And hallucinations could be a manifestation of imagination from the subconscious mind. I'm able to generate some pretty cool songs that I've never heard before while under a hypnotic sleep-wake state after I wake up or go to sleep. There's a scientist that has narcolepsy and he comes up with his ideas when he has sleep attacks.. He wrote thousands of research papers.. I want to be him in my next life..
175983296,"When I stopped taking an antidepressant (forget which one), I had to taper off gradually until doctor's care."
175983297,Lost more weight... 3 pounds.. I'm now at 190
175983298,I should take my ativan but it’ll make me sleep and I don’t want that
175983299,"Yes, a lot of people are having a hard time. I had a “ phone appointment “” instead of my regular appointment with my nurse practitioner this morning and she was very helpful in renewing my meds, but we didn’t get to really talk much. I know she’s very busy trying to cope with her very needy patients right now. They all want to talk to her and are very stressed out. I thought I was doing pretty well yesterday, but even though I took my 3 meds for sleep, I never could fall asleep. I was anxious, depressed, and awake all night . I still haven’t slept, and feel tired and have no appetite at all. I fear I will get really more depressed and get suicidal thoughts. I just pray that I can sleep tonight. I hope it comforts you to know you are not alone."
175983300,"I'm praying my lozenges come soon. They might not come until the 22nd or something. I went out to vape at 4, but my tank is still leaking and I don't know how to fix it. Plus, I've been coughing for hours again. Thank God I bought those menthol disposables. They help a lot."
175983301,Going to read in the living room.. I hope I get 10mg IR dexedrines tomorrow.. If I don't I'll be very sad =]
175983302,Your mom sounds like my kind of lady!
175983303,"To answer your last question I do but I think it’s just the unknown of whenever you feel a pain and that voice of doubt begins to say “what if something is really wrong?” I know that I don’t want to go through the outpatient testing/waiting merry go round again. Ideally I’d like to go to a top notch inpatient treatment center place like Menninger Clinic in Houston but they want a 25,000-45,000 cash deposit so that’s out. The health care options where I live (Oklahoma) aren’t very good especially on the mental health side. On the bright side, I felt a little better yesterday and haven’t had much pain so far today. I just take it one day at a time. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?"
175983304,"My old general doctor's office closed in December. She prescribed me .5 mg Xanax once a day for about 2.5 years. I never took more than that. I have severe anxiety. My new family doctor would only prescribe me klonopin, which does NOTHING for me unless I take 1 mg -- at that dose it will knock me out and help me sleep, but it does not work at a lower dose so I can't use it for anxiety unless i want to fall asleep. She referred me to a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist also would only prescribe klonopin and not Xanax! She gave me two months of Xanax and that was it. So, I got off of it around May and I made sure I kept about 30 pills on hand for emergencies/panic attacks/etc. I am now down to about 12ish. I am struggling really badly with anxiety and panic symptoms (not full-blown panic attacks yet but feeling close several times). Should I go to another doctor and ask if they will give me Xanax? I think it is ridiculous the doctors won't give me the low dose i was on for years without ever having addi
ction issues or ever increasing my doses. I don't even want to take it every day again, but if they could even just give me 10 pills a month, I would feel better and I could take it on days where I am too anxious to even get any work done. I really struggle to be able to focus on my work and get very behind. I also think I have PTSD due to a past abusive relationship, so a lot of my issues are due to that currently, but I've always been very anxious. Thanks for any advice."
175983305,My new Vapewild bag is lost. I have to wait until group 3 comes in so I can go through the damned tote bag.
175983306,I think what happen was I started drinking a lot when I got depressed with _NAME_ and I fighting so much. And now I cant stop drinking so much.
175983307,_PERSON_ Pepper
175983308,"Sleeping is like putting a shield over my brain. Nothing gets in, nothing gets out. And I've been sleeping 12 hours a night for YEARS. Sometimes 14-16 hours. I have been protected from brain damage due to stress so my brain can develop.. Developed stable brain. Soon I will stop the antipsychotic. However, once I read for a long time, I need to lie down and put the shield over my brain again.. If only I had VR goggles... VR goggles would really help me. I would be unstoppable. I would be like _NAME_."
175983309,"I am sorry, _PERSON_. Did something happen to provoke this feeling? Do you have any Klonopin or whatever?"
175983310,Nope it’s back......
175983311,Hey guys. How’s it going? I’m okay. Busy morning and I didn’t get home until 2:30. So not enough time to go grocery shopping. Blah. Now I have to run out tomorrow morning and do it. Then we’re having a party for _PERSON_’s 95th at my aunts. I do NOT want to go. My other other aunt and cousin will be there and I don’t care to spend time with them. I’ll have to play avoidance for 2 hours. Can’t wait to go to the movies tonight. I’m already feeling nostalgic . Watching _NAME_ again. I need new shows.
175983312,"All my voices started out on the outside. I first thought I must be hearing a radio, maybe from a neighbor with their window open. But it finally became clear to me the voices were actually coming from the inside. So many adjustments I have been forced to make since then, in order to accept them & keep my sanity. So, it is what it is. A small percentage of us, apparently, get voices. I think most brains are capable of creating extra minds, using the DNA, or whatever, but they usually don't choose that option, for whatever reason. I hope you decide to keep this discussion going. I feel so alone sometimes."
175983313,"What will your major be? Minors can be fun, too. I majored in both Spanish and philosophy in college. That is exciting that you get to choose."
175983314,Hi Try not to be to hard on yourself we all suffer set backs so you're not alone. Double up on any coping skills you have and have a look at our resources section for some good links to self help sites on the web. Keep us posted we are here for you. _PERSON_
175983315,"I can relate to what your going through. I had two biopsies, at different times, because the mammogram revealed lumps. I was extremely anxious and had a tightness in my chest; as soon as I got the results the tightness went away-I firmly believe it was stress. Try and distract yourself as _PERSON_ said. Maybe catch up on a TV show or read a book. If I can do it over again, I would have try not to worry too much ( I know easier said than done). You don't what's going to happen, so try to relax until you find out what your results are. Good luck!"
175983316,Sounds like a good day
175983317,_PERSON_ if there's not then I'll make one. Millionaire Tweaky..
175983318,"Met with a lovely priest. He is gonna make me do the whole 9-month class to convert. So bummed. Most priests do not require that of folks who have been baptized, but he is hardcore. I do like him, but bummed I have to wait til Easter. Ugh!!!"
175983319,It’s always on a Sunday but can be in March or April depending on some religious stuff. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175983320,That’s a great idea
174379379,gonna take 200mg clozapine 2mg cogentin
175983321,"I’m pretty much back to square one with my meds and everything and everything that has gone on the past 3 months with my mental health. Psychosis, depression, severe anxiety. I am back to sleeping all day again and on a high dose of meds. Well, higher dose. Idk, I see all this as a huge setback. I’m gonna have to start working from home."
175983322,I’m not even sure what Dabo bread looks like but all bread is awesome! Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175983323,"Happy birthday, _PERSON_!!!"
175983324,That's good you can talk to your aunt. I wouldn't say it's too dark. If that's how you feel that's how you feel. I hope these feelings will pass with you in time.
175983325,Cog before you invest your time in a PHD I want to tell you that for me there were about fifty graduates in my field for every full time faculty position. Problem is everyone of us though we were going to be th best and get that job.
175983326,Me always forever a sloth too tired to type need stim
175983327,"Yeah. My parents aren't the type to buy my love. Maybe my mom somewhat does come christmas and birthdays and feels bad when she feels like she didn't buy me enough. I tell her I don't care I love what I got... but she says ""but I do"". I think my mom does that because she knows what if feels like to not get anything for birthdays and Christmases. Even when we were poor she'd take her tax returns and throw me a birthday party and invite every kid she knew. It was great. But she brings up about me being ungrateful as a kid or cried or something. Well I was a kid... lol... but I'm grateful now. She has been abusive in the past but I know it was because she was hurting and was stressed and didn't know how to deal with someone with my issues. I mean she plays favorites with my sister and I... bought my sister a car and went driving with her. She refuses to let me drive and has no desire to buy me a car like she did my sister."
175983328,I took my medication as soon as I woke up.
175983329,I’ve been on here since I was 21 I think. Wow. So many of us have. How have we all stuck together the past 5-10 years with each other? It’s so insane. Our tight knit group is truly tight knit. Some people I tell that I’m on a place like this are shocked I’ve been on it so long.
175983330,Scratch that. Daughters sick
175983331,Job! How are you doing?? Did you try the 1/2 thing last night?
174379393,"I remember I was in the hospital in the recovery independent unit and there was this old man that was sitting alone in one of the rooms and my best friend there said ""What are you doing there all alone?"" And he said ""I'm not alone"" and then she said ""Oh yeah because you're always with spirits"". At the time, I found that to be ridiculous. Maybe it's because I haven't had many people in my life die that were close to me. But I've changed to where I experience it myself but not in such a strong way that you're describing. I feel like I need to have less anhedonia and more emotion to feel spirits. You are human. Many people deal with the things you're dealing with but many people would call you ""Possessed"" which is just wrong and doesn't make any sense. Many things don't make sense. But this is me talking to you in a schizophrenia and psychosis forum. Maybe I shouldn't glorify certain dimensions, realities and philosophy here with psychedelics but in the end, we're trying to make sense of it. W
e are suspicious and want to know the truth indefinitely. There's even a philosopher here that deals with the same thing but is on medication.. I just find the whole thing strange. Not in a good way or bad way. Just neutral. I'm neutral about what you're dealing with but want to lean more towards the fact that the supernatural doesn't exist for your own safety because they're things that don't exist. A rational person that is blind doesn't believe in light. He/she can't touch, smell, taste or feel light. People that are not blind don't have to believe in light because they can see it. You say you see demons and that must be scary but just know that we're here for you.."
175983332,"My situation's similar. I'm currently 19, but I've been depressed since I was a kid due to family issues. I've been told I'm a bad person, and even though I want to believe I'm not, I can't help but think it into reality. I don't really know if I'm supposed to exist, actually. I'm truly sorry you're going through this. I'm not gonna lie to you and say that I understand you, but know that many suffer. It may not be in the exact way, but know you're not alone."
175983333,That’s the perfect example with the aquarium where it’s hoping but not expecting....I usually plan for the worst outcome but hope for the best. I feel like it keeps me balanced.
175983334,I think I have whatever that diagnosis is that starts with an A
175983335,peanut butter ice cream with sweet and salty pretzel swirls and fudge brownies
175983336,How badly do you need the stimulant? A lot of people can’t tolerate a stimulant with psychosis ie it causes continued psychosis even with APs because the meds work against each other in the brain. That would be one way to solve the issue without adding another meds but instead taking one away.
174379402,"Today I had my hearing for the discontinuation of my food stamp benefits. I was cut off because I couldn't be bothered to submit the required documents. I did the same thing last year; it's so much simpler to present my case at a hearing than to jump through all the ridiculous hoops they put in place at the food stamp office, not to mention the fact that being in a building where the collective IQ of all the applicants is less than seven is very stressful for me. It also costs the corrupt state in which I live about 100 times more to hold a hearing rather than to have me submit the necessary information electronically, which is impossible for me since I don't have a smartphone. I had all the required documents, so the only problem was explaining why I didn't follow proper protocol. I did this by pretending to be schizophrenic and totally nailed it. I barely had my paperwork out of the folder I was carrying when they told me I won. Plus, when you have to go to a hearing for public assistance benefit
s, they pay for a free cab ride home."
175983337,I took my meds?
175983338,"I waved at Death today. He was there for a moment, but then was gone. No, really. My sister-in-law is in the ICU, septic. We tried rousing her from her slumber, and for a moment it looked like she was a goner, but then she made improvements on dialysis. So, maybe come back again another day, Death?"
175983339,"I'd also like to know, if someone is bullying you, how you're supposed to not let them get to you or don't let it bother you? What are you supposed to do, just kick yourself in the butt and don't let them get to you and don't let it bother you?"
175983340,"Hugs, newtus. Wrote a long reply but I do not see it. Basically, I said that you must put your health first. Maybe some med shifts. If you do not put your brain health first, it will be hard to manage all these other things. Brain first, girl. You first. If you are depressed or psychotic, nothing else you need to do really matters."
175983341,"I had a paperback copy of _NAME_ inferno awhile back but I lost it when I moved, I meant to read the whole Divine comedy but haven't gotten around to it yet but maybe I'll buy two copies for my birthday next month"
175983342,"Hi everyone, Thank you guys so much for the support and input. I have really been struggling and I was really worried you guys would think I was being a cry baby. So I was reluctant to see the replies.I know this may be tmi but when I stumbled upon this website and posted the other night I had decided to either OD or put a gun to my head (like legit beside me). Just venting to you guys really helped me down from the edge. I love my family but my wife thinks of mental health and stuff as an excuse. So I try to fake happiness but the downside is I feel totally alone when things hit rock bottom. So I truly appreciate you guys taking the time to read all what I posted."
175983343,"What does that mean, Des?"
175983344,"?Hi From what you say, just calling a nurse has set him back I find that hard to believe! As if! Did the nurse say he was having hallucinations? Or a fever . Maybe it was just a trifle. Something over nothing? Sounds like people just blame you or use you like a shouting board to vent themselves at. Its also great that you've reached out here and to a hotline. Keep talking. You need to let it out. You aren't getting much sympathy from your mother are you! Mine was bloomin terrible. I ran away at 16. Is there any way that you can have some sentences ready in your head so you can say them if she upsets you. Can you say that her lack of support and understanding is hurtful???? Even if she doesn't understand, could she not be judgemental.! It doesn't have to be confrontational. Look... You may as well say these things, stand up for yourself . What's the worse that could happen! You already feel hurt and unsupported! Believe me I kept all my hurt and pain inside and didn't dare say anything or talk back 
and I wish I did. I was scared to death of my mother. But now I'm an adult she wouldn't dare cause I'm well able for her snide remarks but she's very old now, incl the ones from my two faced sister. Who is a narcissistic sociopath! She takes some handling I can tell you. Families eh! Who'd have them! I wouldn't. Find out what's causing the emotional pain and go from there Maybe you already know where the pain is coming from. Did you think about counselling? And get yourself some books on self development. Especially books on Self Esteem! No wonder you feel unsupported with your nearest and dearest speaking down to you. Its not done over night and can be long road but its so worth it. I still find it difficult to speak up for myself, very difficult. I find myself shaking and sweating. I have a soft voice and after all those years of being bullied and physically, emotionally and mentally abused its no wonder. From all kinds of people starting with my mother. Sending you support and understanding. Please keep in 
touch ??????"
175983345,Makes me wanna get a job in IT now forreal
175983346,A caramilk bar
175983347,"Wow, that sucks. I hope your Mom is okay!"
175983348,new thread
175983349,christmas radio. have been for some weeks now... counting down the days
175983350,What lead me to this forumn was my search to find either group meetings and or zoom meetings for anxiety/ depression. Does anyone have any suggestions?
175983351,I don't have an issue with low energy. For me it's the opposite that's the problem. It's like I just don't have the time to sit and converse with people. It all seems to take too long. Plus I don't really feel a great desire to talk anyway. And I make the worst first impression.
175983352,"I do get a feeling when I'm alone like I can finally be myself but I wouldn't describe it as hiding my true self so much as it is suppressing maybe? My mind goes blank, like a deer in headlights, when I'm around people. I'm lucky enough I've got some basic social niceties beaten into me and I can pass for normal but I find it really hard to think properly when I have to talk to others. A lot of times I find myself thinking about interactions afterward and going why did I do/say that? And not really having an answer because I wasn't really thinking. For example, I find myself reflexively taking the shortest path out of a convo sometimes. I didn't consciously make that decision; it just happened, like I'm not in full control of myself when I'm forced to interact. It's not so bad for me when I have the distance of being online, but sometimes I'll excessively _USER_ID_ -- or maybe I ramble too much and go off on tangents because of a similar problem to yours where I'm still thinking and trying to commu
nicate but not on topic and I realize and delete chunks of what I wrote. (I have done that with this post already) I think like _PERSON_ said, it makes it harder when you don't have the same interests as normal people. Like, I've tried paying attention to talkative people and how they do it, but I don't really have social life/family to talk about, nor do I honestly care about yours; and while, yes, I do technically live in this world, I try to spend as little time in it as possible so, no, I don't have an opinion on... whatever, probably didn't even notice it. And then there's all these unspoken social rules of how you have to ease into getting to know someone with those smaller things you don't care about before you can get into more serious ""now you really know me"" type things... What's a schizoid to do? ¯\_(?)_/¯"
174379426,I'm doing okay. I am doing better than last week when I was suicidal. And my kitty cat is back home from the vet hospital so that makes me happy.
175983353,Absolutely loved that game!
175983354,This story of how the KGB became corrupt and how _PERSON_ is the most evil person
175983355,"I fell asleep But yea I actually did delete the fb app. I’m not deactivating my acct. just deleted the app from my ohone. That was before u suggested that, too! So glad I did that. But yea I didn’t sleep last night. Door told me to go take my meds and take a walk but I tried to get up but fell asleep, I was so unbelievably tired. Everyone is on me about my weight. I’ve lost 5 pounds so far. I’m trying you know. The healthy way so far thankfully but it’s so hard."
175983356,"I'm trying to assess if I've some schizoid and schizotypal traits or not. In particular there are two opposite things I've always felt ashamed and conflicted about. I don't know if it's rather in the magical thinking or odd beliefs categories, but here it is : - I've long had this irrational impression that if I'd wanted it really hard, I could become, if not for a small time, another person, at least physically speaking. It's at odds with my very rational psyche in general. But even though after childhood I knew that it were impossible, I found this kind of fantasy kind of soothing, as if the ideation of this fantasy were a kind of meditation state. It's hard to describe. And then the exact opposite, which shows a quite appealing conflict inside my brain : - It's surely a rather schizoid thing about self preservation but when I was a child and even afterwards I often ""had"" to compensate for the act of seeing other people or touching them by some kind of tiny and rapid ritual (blinking for exampl
e), with the irationnal fear that I was menaced by the contact if I did not do it. It's maybe linked to the fact that I think I've a bit suffered because of bullies when I was 6-7. I was quite odd and peculiar, overtly, in those days. Later on I didn't let this kind of oddity appear."
175983357,When do you see your doc again?
175983358,oh and eggnog latte at Starbucks
175983359,Fresh vegetables are the best in the summer
175983360,"Yeah I need to get some more myself, the cute ones...."
175983361,"_PERSON_, I agree with waiting a week until your hormones balance out, and then discussing an increase with yor dr. I hope you feel some relief soon. Great job of sticking it out. It's the only way to truly trial run an Rx to see if it ultimately performs well for you. S.C."
175983362,"Sorry I’m a sob story u guys. I’m so beyond like idk. I just i was starting to get better with myself and now all this. Like I just want to cry. Like idk man...you know? like, idk. I feel like a complete failure to help him. Completely. I can’t get a job. I can’t work a regular job and I can’t work full time really. He even knows that cuz he said I shouldn’t if I can’t and he knows I can’t. Not right now anyway. He said “if you’re too scared to walk the dogs, how will u have a job” and he’s right. Like I hit another small depression last night and was up til 4am. Just stress on my mind about him. And it was hard to sleep even tho I was so tired. I woke up with a headache. I had cried yesterday too. He asked me why I was crying and I said I was worried about him. And he said “come here” and he held me. I’m not manic. I have this high self awareness because I had to develop it and because of being alone all the time. This is sadness I’m feeling. Pure sadness. I don’t 
see a lot of people around me that are depressed. Like my personal circle except maybe friends. But not loved ones, so it hits me hard when it happens. My dads house smells not good but he gave me a pack of water. I was using the bathroom with the door open and he asked why. I didn’t say anything but it’s cuz all that mold that had grown in the bathroom at that one time there was a leak. And he never cleaned it and I just do not want to be in there but his personal bathroom is just as bad. Im sorry I’m talking so much."
175983363,Always a start up side effect is common. If it increases and persistant for another week it maybe npt best for ya. Many meds are hit or miss. But riding out a side effect if not too prolonged is par for the course. Keep strong...welcome to hw. HT
175983364,shortbread cookies
175983365,I'm having _NAME_ right now. I feel psychotic. I told my mom how I felt. I said that I want to move out. I don't want to change her. She is who she is. I want her to be happy. But I can't live with her anymore. I'm thinking about this stuff because I was afraid that she'd drink too much tonight but she didn't. She's just slurring her words a little.
175983366,I had a breakfast burrito for breakfast.
175983367,I’m scared to say something to my mother. Trying to work up the courage to say something...
175983368,"i also have DID and CPTSD. meds never help much for anxiety when it's too high. they just kind of sedate me instead. i have had to learn other ways to try to manage it over the years, like learning how to breathe, positive self talk, if possible, getting to a quiet place (if i'm out of the house), etc. i have also found physical activity can help with anxiety, like riding an exercise bike for five minutes or walking fast as it helps get the negative energy out. service dogs have been mentioned, but be aware that they generally cost thousands of dollars to be properly trained and should be done through a reputable trainer/organization to properly meet your needs."
175983369,So I'm kinda upset My mom and my sister received a painting from my uncle. Hes becoming famous for his paintings slowly. My mom said hes in the San _NAME_ museum now. I didnt get one. Idk how my sis got one but its extremely disappointing to me. I kinda already knew they liked my sister more but I was in denial I guess. Not really but was just hoping it wasn't like that. So maybe I was. I dont think I'm gonna go there with my fiance actually this year. To see my moms family. I just dont care anymore. And I always have to hear about them talking about my behind my back to my mom when I post some shyt on fb.
175983370,I am doing okay today. Just need the IOP I think. I know I've been waffling on it. But I am at least going to try it.
175983371,I seem to be fine drinking energy drinks.
175983372,Probably female stuff
175983373,"Yes, they can when it comes to feelings. At least in my case. They mellow you out in a way, but it isn't nearly as bad as the old drugs were. The old drugs would you give you Parkinson's like symptoms, and they'd give you permanent twitches and motor movement issues. That's why some older people who have the disorder have developed twitching movements and there are stereotypes about how ""crazy"" people walk and move. It was a lot of the times the side effects of treatments."
175983374,I think I might need a mood stabilizer. I've been in a complete mixed state (Agitated depression) for two days. The benzos are kicking in. They might help. I know I can't take a benzo every day and so far I've been good at only taking one 1-2 times a week. Mostly I was using them for panic attacks and sleep but my panic attacks are gone.
175983375,You just sound overwhelmed to me. Starting college is a big adjustment in so many ways. I can assure you that you're not the only student feeling like this. Try to take things one at a time. Start with your homework. You don't want to flunk out. Maybe try joining some after school activity and make some friends. That will help.
175983376,I fell asleep sometime after 9pm. Woke up at 11pm. Woke up again at 2am and I’ve been awake ever since watching TV. I have to be up for work in about two hours. Oops. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175983377,"I want brownies but I'll probably wait to make them till Christmas Eve. I get my Thanksgiving basket tomorrow. I'm probably just gonna put the turkey in the freezer and use it some other time since I already had all that Thanksgiving food this week. But I'll probably still eat the cranberry sauce, and maybe the sides too... stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy. That's all easy to make"
175983378,"Didn't feel well today. Really light-headed and spacey but went ahead and got my second Covid vaccine shot. It may have been my meds making me not feel well as I don't experience the side effects every day. I think it depends on my metabolism from day to day whether or not I feel the side effects. I continue to have delusional intrusions but I'm keeping my blinders on, assuring myself they aren't real. I did get triggered once though, but was able to calm myself down with distraction (reading and music). No. Dr. _NAME_ is not stalking me. Hope everyone hung in there today. Thank you for being there for all of us."
175983379,Hopefully not you in my lifetime I don’t die of starvation. Starvation hurts after a while as your body shuts down and eats itself. Not fun. My grandmother stopped eating after a while and they put a feeding tube in her. She didn’t do it to become skinny she did it because she wanted to die. They dx her with Anorexia I believe.
175983380,"I so need to talk to someone. It’s been rough lately and there’s a lot going through my mind and between my thoughts about things and how I’m feeling it really does get to be a lot. I don’t know I just wannna talk through personal stuff even though it’s harder to process what I’m thinking or how I’m feeling cuz of intense processing fears. I don’t really wanna talk through things in this discussion though. I’d rather do it in a dm so it’s more private and securely protected and safe between me and you. My mind is a little everywhere. I don’t know shit is just rough and I’m just scared and overwhelmed. So many questions, so many thoughts, so many feelings, so many fears. everything just feels like it’s just piling up and I just wanna talk through some personal stuff."
175983381,clean clothes and perfume
175983382,Thank you so much. That means a ton to me. I appreciate you.
175983383,"It's common for those with OCD to feel very uncomfortable when moving to a new house or apartment. So you're not alone, Mad World."
175983384,I did. Not a judgement. Just stating the fact. I get the medical stuff..the bi polar the med merry go round and have total compassion for you and kids. Soz...am sensitive when it comes to little ones. I meant no offence. HT I live with bi polar..i reread my post. It was unlike me. Sorry. Bad day it might have Been.
175983385,"Got so much done so far today! Did school work. Ran an errand. Finished up a job application, just a few more steps to go, but finished the hard parts. Posted to my insta. Put the corned beef, cabbage and veggies in the crock pot. Cleaned the kitchen a bit. I just have a splitting headache right now. I wanna nap."
175983386,I'm bad at articulating my existence lol
175983387,"I love all of those, especially the two ladies!"
175983388,My side actually hurts again
175983389,"Was wondering where you were, do you feel better?"
175983390,"I've noticed that if somebody isn't pleasing me so to speak, or I feel uncomfortable or mistrust, I ditch them. Block on Facebook. Goodbye. Obviously I worry about ever bumping into that person again but what can they do? When I'm hanging out with somebody I seem to do a little check of ""what am I getting out of this"". If I'm not enjoying the encounter, I won't be seeing them again. I treat every social occassion like a first date. Some real socialites have told me ""You don't have any friends, no wonder!"" and yeah it's true, but I don't care. It's just how I am."
175983391,Yeah the AP really helps with my irritability....
175983392,"But why think differently? For that matter, why think at all? Society has done everything for us, from the cradle to the grave. ""...some psychological basis"", treatable, of course, by any number of soon-to-be-mandatory pharmaceuticals. ============== _AT_MENTION_, your words are golden . Uniformity of ""thought"" (insofar as it actually occurs) and the shouting-down of different opinions is fast becoming our greatest enemy. Also, I wonder what happened to the outcry from years ago about the exploding human population?"
175983393,I was going to go to the store today I get more energy drinks to study but now I feel paranoid and don’t want to leave the house.
175983394,Good morning/afternoon! I didn't wake up till 10:30am and it's 11:30am now. I set my alarm for 5am and I woke up got up turned it off but then fell back to sleep. Drinking coffee now... thinking about what I want to do today
175983395,"Meds yes, supplements no, as usual."
175983396,"My brain was shut off compared to the vyvanse and coffee using jumper cables to jump start my brain. My brain wasn't working. If I went to my psychiatrist appointment like how it was, I'd be like ""uh.. let me go through my notes.. Um.. idk.."""
175983397,"_NAME_, I am so beyond grateful for the medical staff. That was the one thing that kept me going. _PERSON_, Thank you for your comforting words. The watch and wait period is always the hardest! And ouch- through your palm?! But being ambidextrous is cool!"
175983398,I feel like a sack of garbage today. I don't know what to do. _PERSON_ said I have to wait until we can switch meds. Ever since I went off of Abilify it seems like my mood has gone south.
175983399,Listening to Christmas Music
175983400,Hopefully he gets the help he needs from the psych hospital.
175983401,"_PERSON_.. I don't know anyone that has taken on so much responsibility/tasks.. Entrepreneur type stuff. Be proud of how far you've come.. You went far beyond what would give most people with psychosis - A psychotic episode.. Maybe the hypomania helped you... But you take breaks too - They're all you need.. Good meds, grounding and self care techniques.. You're good - A small mental breakdown is ok too as long as it's controlled. I'm nowhere near psychosis rn but feeling very sad.. But things change for the better. Sometimes I like to think that I am still 18 but that's when I couldn't handle things at all.. I just naturally don't purchase hard drugs when I used to be addicted to doing that.. idk.."
175983402,Had nice day skiing sunny BBQing
175983403,"It is so easy for us to run through life at a million miles an hour. I mean, can you believe it is September? Where did the summer go? Hopefully you made some great memories, dear reader. But sometimes we run to fast and mania settles into our minds like sand in our shoes. Sometimes this leads to a stay in the hospital, in the psych ward. This is just a break from life as uncomfortable as it may be. Please do not think of it as a punishment because it is not. It is a place for us to rest and get better before being spit out into your day to day life again. This is true for depression as well. Sometimes the safest place for us to be is in the hospital taking a break because the staff are there to make sure we survive each day and night. I know what it is like to be in a psych ward. I have been in four and they were all very different. At one we made pizza, another we spent the days watching television, coloring interest us, group therapy. Everywhere we go it is different. I have been in one place or 
another from coast to coast. There is no magic place to “fix” us. It is just a blip in the grand scheme of things, but it can be life saving. Recently, I have been out of sorts. It started with some medication changes. Four at once (I saw a physician assistant at the practice as well as my psych doctor). I saw the physician assistant and was horribly depressed – crying all the time, feeling sad and empty. She meant well. Later the next week it started to affect me and once again I became severely confused. My mom told me to get stuff for a FEW days and hitch up the ponies ( my two big dogs). She came and picked me up. I forgot a lot of this and she told me what happened. As I mentioned in another post, I could not feed myself with utensils. By the time I saw the doctor a few days later, he said I was clearly overmedicated and that I looked like a “zombie.” Because my mom had picked me up, I still didn’t have my car. Regardless, no driving for me, doctor’s orders. He reduced some of my medication 
dosages. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/09/20/when-bipolar-disorder-makes-you-take-a-break/"
175983404,You are not alone. I'm in the same boat with lots of other things going on. I cut myself off from the media and social media to limit my exposure to the panic they spread. I educated myself about the virus and became a bit of a germaphobe. My anxiety is still very high but I made the track to my doctor today and got some additional meds to help through the hump. I know it doesnt feel like it now bit there are better days ahead. We will all make it through just fine. Hang in there!
175983405,I did indeed take my meds as prescribed.
174379464,"Yeah, I've tried most antipsychotics. None has helped or has helped some and then stopped working eventually."
175983406,"As some of you may know, I post here from time to time. Mostly about my panic attacks and crippling fear of a heart problem. I had an ekg and bloodwork done last week, everything was normal. Today I had my appointment with a cardiologist abd they did an echocardiogram (ultrasound) of my heart, and placed a 24 hour heart holter on me. I’ve had some peace of mind all day since I’ve had it on..... but the anxiety is setting in. I’m afraid after I turn it in I’ll get a call with bad news about my tests. I’m getting anxious. Becoming hyper vigilant. I haven’t checked my blood pressure all day , but I’m very tempted to check it. I don’t want to hype myself up and throw myself into a panic attack. ?"
175983407,I don't know what to do again I know the secrets to the universe
175983408,"I got my new yoga pants (x2), purse, and wallet in the mail today."
175983409,"Yes, I did."
175983410,I’m here! I’m also dealing with those same issues so let me know if you want to talk. We can get through this together??
175983411,Feeling good today. Gonna make a plan of things to do for a week. It will be different things every day. Idk if I can do it though.
175983412,Oh god it's 4:30am and I have 2.5 hours to sleep. All I've been doing is laughing.
175983413,Can't sleep
175983414,Yeah you should ask about metformin newtus. My doctor prescribed it about a month ago and I’ve lost weight.
175983415,"Net says Citalopram is an antidepressant. With the increase in stress, does the doctor want you to increase or maybe take another medicine? Under side effects, mayoclinic.org, listed below even “rare” was “Incidence not known” was “Chest pain” (possible side effect of citalopram.) Tga.gov.au (theruptic goods administration of Australia) 4 November 2011: The TGA is advising that citalopram should no longer be used at doses greater than 40 mg per day. For some patients, the maximum recommended dose is now only 20 mg per day. In addition, it is now advised that people who have been diagnosed with a heart condition known as ""congenital long QT syndrome"" should not take citalopram. The same tga group advised: you should NOT stop taking citalopram or change the dose without first consulting your doctor. Stopping citalopram suddenly may result in withdrawal symptoms including dizziness, anxiety, insomnia, emotional instability…. A recent study by the Forest Research Institute in the USA ha
s shown that higher doses of citalopram can cause abnormal changes in the electrical activity of the heart. In rare cases these changes can result in serious heart problems. Citalopram is a member of the class of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and is used to treat major depression. Brand names include: Cipramil; Celapram…. As concerns chest pain, My.clevelandclinic.org says: Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is the most common cause of non-cardiac chest pain. Also called acid reflux, this condition causes 22 to 66 percent of non-cardiac chest pain. Non-cardiac chest pain is the term that is used to describe pain in the chest that is not caused by heart disease or a heart attack. In most people, non-cardiac chest pain is related to a problem with the esophagus, such as gastroesophageal reflux disease. Other causes include muscle or bone problems, lung conditions or diseases, stomach problems, stress, anxiety, and depression. The first time a person has non-cardiac chest pai
n, he or she usually goes to the emergency room, thinking he or she is having a heart attack. The first thing the emergency room doctor will do is make sure the pain is not a heart attack or due to heart disease. If it truly is non-cardiac chest pain, the emergency room doctor usually refers the patient to a gastroenterologist, a doctor who specializes in digestive system disorders, for more testing and treatment. Some people who have had several episodes of non-cardiac chest pain go to their primary care physician or a heart doctor (cardiologist) instead of the emergency room. The doctor will follow the same steps to make sure the pain is not heart-related, then refer the person to a gastroenterologist. How is non-cardiac chest pain treated? Although non-cardiac chest pain can be a scary event because it feels like heart pain, it usually can be treated successfully once the doctor identifies the cause of the pain. With the right treatment, the symptoms go away for most patients. Proton-pump inhibitors (PPI) 
are the most common treatment for non-cardiac chest pain caused by GERD. Several different PPIs are available. Treatment usually begins with a high dose of a PPI. After GERD symptoms lessen, the dose of the PPI is reduced to the lowest amount that control symptoms. Two or more months of drug treatment may be needed to control symptoms. As for caffeine in coffee, Medicalnewstoday.com talks of coffee sensitivity and its symptoms: feelings of jitteriness and unease; irritability; anxiety or nervousness; trouble sleeping or insomnia; upset stomach; abdominal cramps; elevated heartbeat or blood pressure. Symptoms caused by sensitivity to coffee will usually go away if the person stops drinking coffee. People who are sensitive to coffee may have a gastrointestinal upset or symptoms connected to other issues may be getting worse. For example, coffee can make heartburn and symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) worse. The caffeine in coffee can relax the sphincter at the lower end of the food pipe, causin
g stomach acid to leak up and irritate it. Too much caffeine is associated with similar symptoms to those of a coffee sensitivity. In addition to these symptoms, too much caffeine in someone who is caffeine-sensitive may cause symptoms, such as: chest pain; heart palpitations; mood swings, anger, or depression; panic attacks."
175983416,hahahaha
175983417,Cheap Thrills by _PERSON_ ft. _NAME_
174379481,Good luck Falcs!
175983418,We each react differently. Melatonin didn’t work for me. I didn’t feel well when I took it. Zaleplon worked better. Or a first generation antihistamine. All trial and error I suppose.
175983419,"When I go on a trip, I always triple-check everything around the house that I live in before leaving. I'll make sure that all of the doors are locked. And I'll check my bags in the car to make sure that I've brought everything with me, such as my bottle of medication, my toothbrush, my comb, and more. I check these things at least three times."
175983420,"Hi, Can you tell me about the ""flat affect"" I only know it's a negative symptom of some mental disorders, but don't know how to get rid of it. ""crazy eyes"" is a intense stare with wide eyes some mental patients like myself have. Like in these pictures."
175983421,"I can't get the app on my fire stick to work. It only loads, otherwise I would have paid for it. I want to watch star wars more often and watch the mandelorian."
175983422,Endwell - Drowning
175983423,I want to be a spy!
175983424,"i have been on APs sense i was 19. Back then it was thorazine and haldol and they force fed it till your symptoms went away and you were reduced to rubble. Today i am still on APs and am not a slurring, drooling, shuffling mess that once was. Thing is APs are always going to be part of my life it looks like, my medical team and I talk often and raise or lower them to deal with everything. If you need them you need them. but if it makes your life worse you have to tell the doctor that its not working. Someday there will be real new meds for us instead of the copy cats we still have now."
175983425,"i need to check in about something that is causing me all kinds of anxiety. saturday my sister will be gone on a crafting day. meanwhile we are having an open house and i'll be in charge of me and the dog being gone for 2 hours. i'm worried about 2 things - the dog needing to defecate and urinate, and me needing to urinate. with me urinating, i'll have to go into a store and leave the dog in the car for a few minutes. i'm worried he will dehydrate. also i can't always get him to urinate or defecate when i take him out of the car. very unknown. i can't really take him to a dog park because he hasn't been socialized around many dogs."
175983426,"Thank you so much! Actually I couldn’t stand it anymore so I broke down and asked him if there was someone else, he said no. I asked if he would go to counciling and he said if I set up the appt he would go. It has a lot to do with our 30 year old son living here who is uninvolved with his 2 children. It’s caused much friction and finally led to this. They won’t or can’t talk to one another without getting into a huge argument. Then I end up being Mrs _PERSON_. It’s all so childish and old I’m tired of it. They both need help. I’m not perfect but I am supportive , maybe too much so and I love them both."
175983427,"Hi _PERSON_. My heart hurts for you and all that you’re going through. The physical symptoms would be enough to deal with, but not having the support of your family is heartbreaking. And I know what it feels like to be struggling emotionally for a long time and nothing seems to be helping :/ Have you ever heard of EMDR therapy? It is specifically for helping clients process and heal through trauma. I wonder if the feelings of lack of worth aren’t just from struggling with the physical disability but also from childhood traumas and your relationship with your family. No amount of abuse is okay but i just cannot imagine being so little when it happened. I have another idea about what might help with those feelings, but it’s kind of out there so you could message me if you’re interested in that. Anyways, I’m happy for you that you seem to have such a loving relationship with your fiancee though ? You are not alone in having thoughts of suicide. I know those can be scary. And I’ve also been 
there when I’m so deep in depression and other things that I end up feeling like a burden to the people I love and feel like I’m not contributing to the relationship. Just remember that no one is keeping score, so you don’t have to. If you need someone to talk to outside of your current support system, you can always call an MHA warmline. You can find them here: https://screening.mhanational.org/content/need-talk-someone-warmlines As a side note, we’re the same age and I also write poetry. I’d love to connect. Best, mellow (_NAME_)"
175983428,Omg I'm so sorry. Hopefully u hear about the new place soon.
175983429,Thanks falcon I'll see what she says
175983430,if access points are perceived as being drunk on emotion ask if they've got an alternative with any substance. if not just art flow it and chill any potential aftermath cloud adjusting. access points are often likely to squeeze if your too keen or if you've been venting.
175983431,I will slap them *****s..
175983432,Erti We love you.
175983433,"The vraylar obviously isnt working yet, obviously. I feel like doing nothing today. And I'm sad. But it could also be because my dad hurt himself last night when he fell."
174379505,"I don't think so, nothing's changed other than my Abilify being increased this week. Could just be PMS though. I'm not sure"
174379497,"You, in a very unique way, truly grasp how dangerous this whole situation has wound up being for me. This really does sum up the nature of and gravity of the problem. The effects this has had on me and my life have been catastrophic at this point. The bias for or against a certain diagnosis is a very real problem that goes unacknowledged and I am glad you mentioned that. Too many of these people over the years have had a nasty habit of ironically seeing what they wanted to see to confirm their bias towards a certain diagnosis (in my case it most frequently bipolar which is just as laughable now as it was a few years ago ... followed by PTSD, ADHD, and some other BS that I no longer remember) as opposed to what was actually present. What was ""interesting"" according to them about you? For me it was my ""intelligence"". I was consistently, to the point of it being a source of never ending irritation, told I was ""unusually, highly, exceptionally, and brilliantly intelligent"" (quotes used, because t
hese are their words, I would never speak of myself in this way) as a way to imply that I was therefore ""too smart to have schizophrenia"". While my IQ has been tested and is indeed above average, I caught on immediately to them trying to say I could not be schizophrenic due to my intelligence ... and I always pointed out that an IQ under a certain threshold was notably absent as a diagnostic criteria for schizophrenia and not a deciding factor for the diagnosis regardless. What utter and complete nonsense. (Anecdotally, I have yet to meet another person with schizophrenia that is truly ""stupid"". Though, that is a different discussion.) I also did not appreciate and still to this day find myself vastly unappreciative of the academic shade of intellectual arrogance that litters much of the institution of psychiatry as a whole. They believe they are oh so above it all, when the truth is that as a collective we still know next to nothing about the human brain and the mind. What we know does not translate into 
true understanding. Knowledge alone is not a virtue. Apologies for the mini rant, this kind of thing is such a pet peeve of mine."
175983434,I made an appointment to see my doctor tomorrow. I'm gonna lower the Vyvanse to 30mg (Or 30mg of Dexedrine XR) and get a refill of zopiclone. I'm going to start staying up all night from 3-5am when I'm ready.. Then I won't be using as much zopiclone. And then my idiopathic hypersomnia/insomnia will be cured maybe.
175983435,"I don't like being stalked by spirits, I thought they were gone for good"
175983436,"It seems strange to me they prescribe SSRI's when SNRI's have anxiety properties in them and easier to tolerate. I guess they have their reasons. I got diarrhea bad from Zoloft too and lost weight. I couldn't tolerate it so I went to paxil which made it so I couldn't achieve orgasm. So I went off that too. I took buspar, Zoloft, paxil, serzone, prozac, Effexor and now I am on Pristiq. Which I like. I also tried Remeron which was too sedating. So sometimes we are like lab rats in trying to find what works. Be patient if you can. I hope you find what works for you Medved. I know it is frustrating. Hang in there. I hope you feel better soon. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983437,"Join our support group! Hello everyone! I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe. My name is _NAME_ and I help run a support group with _PERSON_. We are looking for participants who want to help encourage and inspire others and be encourage and inspired as well. Sometimes life can be rough, so it’s important to be in a community of individuals who look out for each other and support each other! Here is the log on information for zoom. It’s Sunday’s at 4pm central standard time. So, join now!!! Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv"
175983438,Nope but at least I am doing laundry.
175983439,My mouth is dry and it’s hard to swallow
175983440,Too many to count really.
175983441,"I'm being whiny right now. It's been 3.5 almost 4 hours since I texted T and she hasn't gotten back to me yet. I know that is not a long time, it just feels long. I have to be patient. She's probably with clients right now. IDK when her break is. She works at some sort of clinic or something Monday, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. The office that I see her at, she works Tuesdays and Saturdays. But she has previously said if I am suicidal, she would talk to me at the end of her day even if it were 9 or 10 o'clock at night. So I'm not worried about her making time for me, I'm just impatiently waiting. See, I told you I'm being whiny right now. UGH. I hate me."
175983442,I'm gonna read about cryptography tonight or maybe do a course about it. If Dogecoin gets super high imma be annoyed
175983443,Oh yeah I just went downstairs and watch tv for a good ten minutes and went back and did it. Just needed a break lol.
175983444,"I feel like sometimes people give advice based on the things that they need, that work for them, and ignoring the fact that other people might have different needs and different ways to solve the problems."
175983445,"Mine is turning blonde like my dad’s did too, but I have some straight white hairs also...there’s almost like a streak now."
175983446,Trying to snap myself out of a panic attack w/dissociation
175983447,"That's great Blue_Bird! I have a scarf that I am trying to finish knitting and beading. It's close, just not quite long enough yet. But I don't work on it for weeks and then I pick it up again."
175983448,"Hello Everyone, I have had the same kind of issues with my vision. Patterns look jumpy and shimmery when high contrast. Seems to be worse with eye strain and low light. It also goes away when I close either eye. Been to an opthamologist and an optometrist but got no answers except that I have astigmatism in both eyes. Any updates from other people that were dealing with this before? I am honestly very anxious about it. I had an MRI on my brain when this all started but they said everything looked really good."
175983449,"Slept well last night for the first time in several days. 10:15 - 7, then quick breakfast and shower for work. Anyone use the Twilight app or other blue light filter? It helps me sleep to turn off/reduce blue light on my devices before bed. Can set Night light settings on Windows 10 by Settings > System > Display"
175983450,No he doesn’t. Never has. He doesn’t have any major medical issues either. But still. He recently got diagnosed with gout in his foot tho. He gets inflammation in one of his foots often.
175983451,"Oh yeah, for better or worse I have a very strong personality. Meds did not change this about me, at all, not even a little bit. I have a long time friend that is an infp, extremely smart person, I do not talk to idiots for over a decade ... lol. depression sounds so epically awful, I have never been prone to it ... I guess I had to be lucky in some way. I know depression really cripples people, gah I wish there was an actual cure for all of this ..."
175983452,"In fact my father in law lives with us so there is absolutely no separation at all. After my wifes mother died we agreed the thing to do was take care of him. I guess my problem is I am hurt that after thirty years of him blowing us off and not caring at all now he wants to spend every minute with us. I readily admit I can spend time with everyone on this earth with no problem except him. He causes extreme anxiety for me. We go out to eat, go to movies and such as a family. I might add a family which for thirty years he did not want any part of. This is of course my problem and it throws my anxiety through the roof. My problem I know--yet another thing in my life I need to fix. This is the hardest thing I have ever had to deal with in my life on a daily basis. The thing that upsets me is he never mentions all the times he would not even bother to spend time with us when we visited my wifes mother. He always had to make money. Thank you all for listening."
175983453,_NAME_ !!!! I remember you soo well miss are chatting days. I’m soo glad you are ok and called 911. How’s was you Christmas ??? Let’s keep in touch do you have and social media or kik messengwr ?
175983454,Read it....the first sounds like cognitive issues the second just a troll....
175983455,I was in the shower but 12am nailed it....
175983456,Took meds early. Going to try to sleep. I don’t care if I end up sleeping like 14 hours
175983457,i hope you are safe today
175983458,I don't understand how I can feel socially anxious AND talkative at the same time. *insert confused face here*
175983459,"Oh and we got snow on Thanksgiving, which is like a miracle. I live in the desert, it doesn't snow here often. Sometimes not for years. But it snowed on Thanksgiving. That was pretty cool I have to admit."
175983460,I've just watched a video that was sent to me and in that video there was a train transporting loads of military vehicles in America. It was like a mile long train filled with military jeeps.
175983461,Hi _NAME_. I’m just curious..did you catch someone doing it to you?
175983462,"The way people come into my life or certain conversations happen right after I've been doing or thinking about those same things. It seems to happen a lot. Like the way I make good impressions on like everyone I meet because I know what they're talking about just by luck of thinking about those things within that week. Maybe things just gravitate towards it because I talk about myself a lot? Idk.. lmao.. Something about morals is like... In a certain aspect, you're taught them by your parents.. even if they're good parents, good morals. Bad parents, still can be good morals.. fear for your life, make careful decisions, then it's a habit and you don't think about it anymore so the fear is gone.. then you tell other people these things.. well idk they're not really morals but behaviours.. I learned a lot of this in anthropology but I forget a lot of it.. I remember my cousin said that she doesn't even remember whole classes even though they were written down on paper.. she did so many classes so I'm 
fine.. idk.. anyways, Type 8s have morals.. They look people like me in the eye and say ""I see into ur soul.."" and I'm like ""No you don't... noooo.."" and then type 8 says ""I was just kidding lol, boo.."". The aspies and hippies (From psychedelic use) have the most empathy! Also _NAME_ Syndrome (Opposite of autism) - ""Infants with _NAME_ syndrome make normal and frequent eye contact, and young children with _NAME_ will often approach and hug strangers. People affected by _NAME_ syndrome typically have high empathy, and are rarely observed displaying aggression."" (MDMA)"
175983463,This was not a very good day.
175983464,Also my desk is dirty so sorry about that
175983465,Hahaahhahaha!!!
175983466,"Caution, attentiveness, good bike maintenance, and realistic evaluation of risk are all good. Obsessive thinking and rumination, not so much. If you feel like you’re in the latter category, a few months of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy might do the trick."
175983467,"im nervous to talk to my doctor about what's been going on because i don't want anything bad to happen to me. i know that's dumb but i just can't bring myself to talk to my doctor. I am being safe though, I'm sorry"
175983468,"First, I think it's just the general sense of nihilism I have. I can't get anywhere in life because of this nihilism. I also have doubts about everything. I wish I didn't have to experience all this stuff during covid-19. I guess it all sort of culminated this year with me having an existential crisis. People, including my therapist, are helping me try to find meaning. However, it's very, very hard for me to find meaning in life right now. I don't know if it's because of the meds or what. I kind of just feel like I'm going through the motions."
175983469,This is day 2 and my thighs/legs still hurt like a b****h cuz those squats
175983470,It changes based on your post count The levels are broken down somewhere on the forum But you can also change what it says to something custom
175983471,"I think you are moving forward the best that you can. One day at a time. I think it is awesome you and your wife are going to go to therapy. I think it will help a lot. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983472,I'm craving scrambled eggs but I don't have a nonstick pan to make them yet. Idk why I didn't get one.
175983473,"_PERSON_, _PERSON_."
175983474,Nope not today. Maybe tonight.
175983475,Cold brew coffee w/ vanilla almond milk
175983476,"I'm actually cleaning right now and it's helping. Mopping, etc"
175983477,"Yes, it is scary to wish for mania but when your in lows the prospect of getting up, doing something, being productive is so appealing. In some respects I feel healthier (walk/hike/exercise more, better hygiene, etc), while in mania, and since I’m very driven I’m “rewarded” because I get so much more done on my to do list. Getting things done lifts a burden."
175983478,Chili is simmering now =)
175983479,"REM sleep is very important for memory and solving problems. If the brain activity of a mouse is to be monitored while going through a maze, the same patterns are repeated when the brain is monitored when the mouse is sleeping. When humans study a maze and go to sleep afterwards, they are more likely to get it right by finding best way to go through the maze when the frontal lobe is switched off which shuts off logic and reasoning."
175983480,Yes I’m aware. But shouldnt pdoc know nows not the time to try to get good sleep in this world
175983481,I really need to be in a better state of mind. I love when I'm places that are away from home. I have the opposite of homesick. I want to go somewhere. I'm going to meditate by listening to guided meditation or _NAME_ watts cuz I can't sleep. It feels like I can't truly appreciate what I have. Like something is bugging me and my focus is really bad. I feel foggy headed. The sun will be rising in an hour so I'll be meditating when the sun comes up =P
175983482,Hope you feel better !
175983483,"Does he know about your illness, _PERSON_?"
175983484,"I’m sorry to hear that you are having bad dreams with your medicines. It’s good to hear that your increased dose of Lexapro is lessening your anxiety. I don’t think you need to drink more water than you are thirsty for. But that is just my opinion. I think you’re right, drinking more water could lessen the effect of your anti-anxiety. Good to hear that you are doing things. I just took a 30-minute walk. Saw some bicyclers, a jogger, a neighbor. Picked up some trash. Got some fresh air. Do you ever take a walk? I think that exercise helps our health. Do you get some exercise? What do you do to stay busy? I watch TV shows, read some. Spend some time on the computer. What makes you sad? 12 More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season"
175983485,"Had to sign a new contract at my works. It's no a big deal but thing that got me was that within all the #######4 was an equality questionnaire. If it's equality then why is it necessary to tick the relevant boxes so we can be pigeon holed and discriminated against? I won't fall for this type of thing me. I circled ""rather not say"" for every question. My paranoid mind know no bounds."
175983486,Remember that you matter
175983487,Is co-op same thing as employee owned or? Cuz fiancé used to work at an employee owned grocery store.
175983488,"Writers block? Do something to get some inspiration. Like uh going for a walk, taking a nap (my mind tends to give ideas in my dreams from the subconscious mind), also I find that relaxing a little and writing random **** down helps too."
175983489,Health anxiety has been popping its ugly head up again. Let the game begin (the anxiety version of Whack-a-Mole)
175983490,Dirty Dike - There he goes YouTube
175983491,"Was asleep and fiancé just woke me up prematurely. Now I got a headache. I’ve been up since...I think 7 or 8am. It started with worrying about my cat and feeling lonely without her. Last night was like I was psychotic. I heard such loud singing and music and i googles it and it said could be hearing loss. I been asking people to repeat themselves for like months now. Seems to be getting worse. It said hearing singing and music couls be hearing loss. Anyway, I need my ear wax cleaned out yearly. Haven’t done it. Plus I am so sleep deprived and also sick with episodes right now. So many delusions trying to boil out of my head. I couldn’t stop looking over my shoulder last night cuz was afraid someone was coming up the stairs. Thought I heard em. Idk. Looking every 1 min. Literally. I had to stop cuz I was annoying myself. It was becoming too much, to keep looking I mean. I heard a full rock band playing, oldies music after, and a man singing in a choir after that, before I fell sleep. Very lou
d and clear and distinct. I’m scared I’m losing my hearing. My ears itch all the time too inside. I think I just need my ears cleaned out idk. Cuz I wear a shower cap 90 percent of the time in the shower. So my ears don’t get cleaned by water or nothing. I cover them. Anyway."
175983492,Hate that. I’m in mourning myself. My favoritest bra ever has about seen it’s last day. It’s also been discontinued by the manufacturer. I of course only have the one . NO wire total support...crazy sounding but true and it slipped on like a tee. The inside fabric is starting to pill and it makes me itchy. I look a little weird walking around with my hand down my shirt so I don’t think I can wear it anymore. So bummed out about it. Ooooh wait...maybe I can find some on EBay! Going to look
175983493,"Hi, Sorry for being _NAME_ throughout the last year. My last year has been very challenging for me physically and mentally. Nevertheless, know I just wanted to take a minute to wish everyone a Happy New Year 2020! Hope everyone is doing okay... Know I have some catching up to do. Looking forward to reading your posts, and being part of this supportive community this coming year. UA"
175983494,Keep . I posted on bi polar thread. HT
175983495,"_USER_ID_, You've received some great advice above, so I will just add my welcome...and admiration for doing so well through such a challenge. You are stronger than you know...and brave for continuing to get the treatment you need, for both body and mind! Well done. Feel free to check out our Resources at the top of the main forum page here for great self help material, that along with your Rx will help you to manage the anxiety. Also keep posting for support and encouragement when you need it. We understand, care and support is key! Peace and progress, _PERSON_ Cat"
175983496,"i have taken it for many years. its not effective for depression but moderately effective for anxiety . not strong enough for sever anxiety. yes you can take it only as needed and thats what i do , more drs are recognizing the benifit of this vs a steady dose of it. depends on your anxiety pattern . its not in the least hadit forming and no withdrawls will be felt. its one of the safest anxiety drugs but also the one of the weakest. wont stop a pannic of sever anxiety attack like zanax but a heck of a lot safer for long term use. great stuff IF it works for you, many report it didnt work for them. i am oneof the lucky ones -works gangbusters for me. good luck"
175983497,Shadow of Night (book 2 of All Souls trilogy) by _NAME_
175983498,"Yeah, it’s a hard one to quit. I went into recovery to stop smoking crack but I managed to quit marijuana and alcohol too. A lot of schizophrenics have problems with weed. I always say, “If you are having a bad reaction to it every time you smoke it, than the odds are it’s not going to get better”. Nothing is going to change. I learned this the hard way. There’s always M.A. Marijuana Anonymous. The schizophrenic life is hard enough without the added burden of drugs. Drugs usually add to your problems. You start smoking to make you feel better but then it becomes a huge problem itself. Not to mention the cost and the fact it’s still illegal most places."
175983499,"It's been 10 weeks. Between that a few ups and downs but not as UP as this since the last time I posted here. I can't stop laughing. My thoughts are really funny. I felt almost like this last night and then took 75mg Seroquel and went to bed. Yesterday morning I was so numb and unmotivated but still went to community outreach coffee connections and just left and said bye to everyone because I couldn't care less about the trivial things that they were talking about. But now that the Seroquel has worn off, I would definitely care just to talk! I'm skipping the seroquel tonight to see if this lasts. It's hard to tell about my moods because of the supplements and meds that I'm on so.."
175983500,I see the psychiatrist in 90 minute =/
175983501,"Just went and paid for that desk. 125! It looks like its regularly 600 or 700 new. Used tho. Will take pics when we put it in the new place. It's a 3 peice L-shaped office desk with a hutch. Real wood. May get a coffee table from there, too,but fiance said we need to wait."
175983502,Ugh. I know. I just feel stupid now.
175983503,Yes me too. In mania or dissociation it can be a tad problematic but i am a very functional individual living with bi polar. HT
175983504,My two weeks after the second shot is up today! Got my second shot on the 4th.
175983505,Feeling slightly better with the benzo. I already took the olanzepine but I think dulling my dissociation or .. Idk what it is but I would have taken an olanzepine afterwards anyways. I'm intuitive. I know by feeling that I know.. _USER_ID_: My mom made stir fry. Eating will help too.
175983506,"I had to make like 5 phone calls today. Glad to be done, that always stresses me out for some reason. I'll have to see if I can get a walk in appointment tomorrow at my clinic to get new meds for GERD and blood work since my psychiatrist said I'm due for some. Might as well get it all done at once"
175983507,I got about 7.5 hours of sleep. Pretty good. I do better with 8 or 9 but it's close.
175983508,"He has such nice fingers for guitar. I was disappointed in how much of the video was focused on his face, because his fretting and fingerplaying were so delicate and precise."
175983509,Sounds interesting SP!
174379603,There are exceptions to the fact that you have to get it by a certain time every year. I know it's different based on the state. But there are various exceptions to the rule that you have to get it before the year begins if you want coverage effective January 1st. Maybe you could look into your state's marketplace and see if you fall under one of those exceptions to the rule?
175983510,"""Most people with OCD are ashamed of our thoughts. Once you are able to open up about them to your therapist, they slowly lose power over you as you begin to realize that they are just that - thoughts. Hope you find healing!"""
175983511,"You know what's best for you. Although apart of the process is to discuss it with your parents. It doesn't begin and end with you.. There has to be the part of ""You're making an irrational choice"", then you have to say ""No I'm not"", then.. You both talk.. Then you decide on your own again. It's a mutual energy exchange. #weed thoughts"
175983512,It was suggested to me I should crochet blankets and scarves and sell them on Etsy. I’ll consider maybe doing it after I’ve paid off some debt. Good yarn isn’t cheap and I would have to figure out how much to charge. It’s an interesting idea. I was thinking of crocheting some and donating to local shelters. I could do both? Sell some and donate some.
175983513,Why not identify the right type of meat for pot roast? I usually use chuck roast.....
175983514,Possible trigger: _PERSON_ he pushed me down and started kissing me and then I told him I was a virgin
175983515,"Gonna phone the doctors office to make an appointment to get refills for meds and also phone my therapist to make an appointment. I'm gonna try and work on being more assertive. I'll start with that. Then just to talk about how I think of myself and such so I can work on how to fix the way that I think. I could look up online - Spirituality and meditation techniques and ways of living with Buddhism etc but in order to get there, I have to manage my time better and do things. I failed at that schedule/routine already. I should just make smaller goals and work from there. The social worker in the psych ward in the independent living unit made me feel bad because she was trying to get me to make goals and I was incapable of making goals. I felt like it was my fault because I made it really hard for her."
175983516,"It's made with whole wheat flour and has honey, fenugreek, nigilla sativa, and cardinom (I don't know if spelled those right) spices in it. It looks like regular bread but tastes slightly sweet and the nigella sativa makes it taste almost a little nutty even though there are no nuts in the bread. It is one of my favorite breads to make. I will have to get the receipe from home and then find the baking thread on here and post it. My friend loved it."
175983517,Just a thought but can you make a complaint to the Better Business Bureau about this? I don't get why they haven't delivered your meds yet.
175983518,"How can I think at the same time that I hold the key to prove/disprove God in an equation, but also believe I am a God? I can't focus on studying my mind keeps thinking about conspiracy theories against me. Stealing my thoughts. Watching me. I can't hear all my thoughts. I was able to get work done today because my brain wasn't working so hard. It was distracted. I wish my meds worked better. I don't know what to do. I have my exam on Sunday. I talk to my doctor on Monday. I'm getting exhausted with all these things. I wish someone would just give me something that would work right now."
175983519,Idk why but I’ve been in bed all day.
175983520,Did all the things I needed to do. Drinking coffee. Will try to plan something for later. I have to make an appointment with the doctor about the scar tissue from the injections.
175983521,Sorry you're upset _AT_MENTION_
175983522,I took my prescribed.
175983523,https://www.nrc-pad.org/states/
175983524,"All my money is really going towards education now. If I happen to fail, I’ll just be out some cash, but it’ll be worth it for the experience!"
175983525,"Yeah, I'm prescribed klonopin to take as needed. I use it sometimes but don't want to depend on it too much. I'm on a mood stabilizer (trileptal) ,thorazine, trilafon, Zoloft, and Wellbutrin. Most of the panic attacks are physical. I try mindfulness and meditation, that helps sometimes. And yoga. Strangely enough the day I didn't have panic attacks (today) is the first day I've drank coffee in a month. I stopped drinking coffee for a month and it seemed like my anxiety only got worse, if that's even possible or makes any sense. You would think it would be the opposite"
175983526,Welcome!
175983527,Because I owe in back taxes for 2016.
175983528,I just sat down to my laptop and I’m already procrastinating my torture essay. I only have to write 316 more words but it ironically feels like torture.
175983529,"The mind complains about the mind When you have a mind attack, use the storm to learn more about the self and to understand the ego.. Then it lessens and lessens.."
175983530,_PERSON_
174379645,I feel nauseous.. Could be because I have a cold.. Idk if vyvanse drying up my nose is a good thing cuz then I'm not expelling the virus.. I'm gonna walk to the gas station and buy a ginger ale.. listen to music or a podcast.. I think this is why my negative symptoms feel so bad because I'm fighting off something and tired. (Proof that schizophrenia is autoimmune disease.. jk)
175983531,"I got some chocolate, two greeting cards, and a magazine on _NAME_ movies."
175983532,Cranberry sauce
175983533,No sleep. Again. Going on 48 hours now.
175983534,Yea I wish I could goto the arts festival down the street tomorrow but it wouldn’t be wise. _PERSON_ says all I do is stay inside now. Well duh. Covid. I wanna go out snd goto places but I’m deathly afraid of covid. Only places I go now is small shops like the vape shop. And I can’t do any of that now due to my car issues.
174379588,Abilify easy to come off...as _NAME_ said....more probs with anti deps. HT. Abilify very fast acting. All trial n error. Keep stuff _NAME_.
175983535,"Just want you to know that prayers are and continue to go out. Weary, I know you are going to get through all this. Take it one day at a time. Continue hanging in there and continue reaching out. We are all here for you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983536,I'm playing _NAME_: The Minish Cap on my GBA. old school
175983537,not today
175983538,"Dentist appointment went well, got a filling. Still have several more to get and have to wait for my insurance to approve the two root canals. It's day 2 of amoxicillin for the tooth infection, the ibuprofen 800mg has been helping the pain. At least I'm getting all of this stuff taken care of"
175983539,"Going to be watching Detective _USER_ID_, I have it held at the library"
175983540,"Don't mean to be a big downer, but in my experience as an adult in relationships, some pretty lengthy, pretty much every partner/GF/whatever I have had has been really only interested in one of three things: Money, power, and sex. Maybe there are some folks who do care about other things, but I certainly have never met her."
175983541,I joined a productivity Discord. It's awesome! Do The Thing. – A productivity tool for creative people I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH DOING THINGS.. But I will solve this.. Then I'll do the things..
174379615,"It seems to be yet another story of someone who goes in as depressed, is diagnosed as depressed, is given an anti-depressant. What’s wrong with that story? If the patient comes in as depressed, there is a good chance they are manic-depressed, but the psychiatrist never asks about that, such as, do you ever have a racing mind, a sign of bipolar. Since they never ask that question, the client is miss-diagnosed as depressed, miss-medicated and miserable. In your case, “I used to take antidepressants like Prozac or Celexa and Lexapro. All at different times. They used to work untill I had my first real bi polar episode 10 years ago. thinking it was just depression the antidepressants gave bad side effects that I never had before and made my mood fluctuate rapidly from an almost euphoric high to a crushing low as well as insomnia. I was then put on Lamictal alone a mood stabilizer that did nothing but give me bad headaches and made gain 30 pounds. After that I gave up on meds.” Then you say, “Tr
intellix is supposed to be a milder form of ssri and I suppose the abilify is supposed to keep the antidepressant alone from destabilizing me.” How are you doing on that? Net said Trintellix is an anti-depressant and that Abilify is an anti-psychotic that is also used to treat bipolar. I took an anti-psychotic, Stelazine, many years ago, which was used for torture in Russia, after I recommended it, and it was, yeah, it was torture. All I wanted to do was walk, couldn’t concentrate on anything. Never had a peaceful second. Lost track of time, I didn’t know if 6 minutes was 6 months. Didn’t know if this state of mind was the result of my mental breakdown or the results of the medicine, since one came on top of the other. Then skipped some years when I got a job and psychiatrist took me off Stelizine, then got put on an anti-depressant alone which caused me panic attacks because I had not been given a stabilizer like Lithium, which I’m on now, along with Mirtazapine anti-depressant. And I’m doing pre
tty good. So, I’m just wondering, how are you doing on the anti-psychotic? Stelazine is old timey anti-psychotic, the newer ones are supposed to be better. Can you ask your mother (or aunts or uncles) if your father showed any signs of bipolar? I think it would be helpful for self-understanding, letting you know you didn’t invent this ailment. It's not your fault. And in case you’re asked if you're bipolar, you could say, ""Yes, my dad was."" You can also look on the net for the signs of that ailment, and mentally check off the ones you have. And, again, if ever asked you can point to those signs. I am glad you are positive. I was not for many years and it really hurt me."
175983542,six more days!!!
175983543,Husbands off today. We were supposed to go out as soon as I got home from dropping the kids off. He was still in bed. Just got up but doesn’t seem to be in a hurry. Good for me...going to curl up and close my eyes. So tired...
174379638,"I'm feeling good at the end of the injection. Went to coffee connections and talked with people. I bought two iced cap coffees. Each has 120mg of caffeine in it. I was more talkative and social and can pay attention more to when people are talking. I talked to my doctor about how much I'm starting to exercise. I might go to the gym again this evening. I picked up my pre-rolled joints, weed gummies and THC tea in the mail today. I plan on taking 5-10mg every day for a few weeks and then start taking small puffs of joints then if my tolerance builds, I'll drink half of the 60mg ginger tea. THC makes me want to exercise and be a little more motivated. Or it could be because I'm putting the injection on hold for a few days idk. I'm going to read books while a little high. Idk how to be productive though. Idk what to do because there's so many things to do. I'm happy where I currently am. I have my psychedelics, my mom is happy with her bf and not drinking so much anymore and the beta blockers stabilize
d her heart so she's able to exercise. This town is great. I live in a great place. I'm seeing my job counsellor on Tuesday to look for a job for two months. Then in september I'll be studying in college. No positive symptoms so far. I'm comfortable in crowds and talking to people. I have no fear or anxiety and haven't had a panic attack in 3 months."
175983544,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175983545,Sorry bluebird do you know why you feel depressed ?
175983546,What would you like to see happen in 2021?
175983547,"Thank you. I did call my shrink and he was delighted I called before I needed to be in the hospital. He was also surprised to find out I had been open with my husband (not something I usually do). We talked about my stress, coping mechanisms, and my job. Almost as an afterthought he asked about my suicidal thoughts. He was surprised how advanced the plan was. But, to be fair, I have had mental health problems for 20 years now. I have so many plans that I can pull out of my back pocket it is ridiculous. The big thing is that I do not start putting the plan in motion. He did ask for the specifics, and I explained the beginning, but not all the details. The big part of my plan is to start a couple days before the act to give everyone around me the perception that I am doing well. I will act happy and talk about the future. Plan vacations,get craft projects out, things like that. That way if something does happen, it will not be perceived an intentional act, but an accident. He adjusted my meds and I h
ave a new appointment next week now."
175983548,"I'm too tired to type much, because I have hypersomnia and depression (not to mention severe OCD and panic disorder), but I'm here. Struggling, like many. I'll try to post more soon. I hope some people remember me. I'm in an emotionally and mentally abusive relationship, and I want out, but it's complicated. I miss my cats. TTYL. Take care and stay healthy, everyone."
175983549,I have taken everything today.
175983550,Honestly I would search for a new therapist. I personally have not found one reliable therapist in my area. They all have one excuse or another. A person I know is to close to their therapist and actually are still friends after they stopped having sessions. It’s a slippery slope but it is what it is. Hope this helps you in some way. Wish you the best of luck.
175983551,Why would they think you are a loser? I think you’re great and it sounds like you do a great job at work too.
175983552,water.....
175983553,"So far, so good. Even though everyone thinks I should change all my medication or something."
175983554,Thank you!!!! I love your photographs. You have real talent!
175983555,Not in men’s tho lol in womens
175983556,"Got a heads up that my landlord wants to rip through my kitchen wall in search of a leak. No. When he comes a-knocking at my door I will tell him I have the corona. In fact, from this point on, that will be my answer to everything."
175983557,"Desoxyn, I hope everything is okay with your boss and your bosses wife and that you are okay! I am scheduled to get my first covid shot on Sunday. I am looking forward to the end of this pandemic!"
175983558,"I was hoping to avoid weigh gain but I guess if I gain some it won’t be the end of the world. I doubt I’d gain as much as I gained on other meds like invega and depakote , on those I was up to 235lbs. Now I’m 145ish. I’m okay if I gain a little weight though, I’m finally feeling stable and that’s what matters"
175983559,Before medication… Yeah…
175983560,"The voices normally sound like my inner thoughts except when they manafest threw sounds or a source like the radio or coffee pot. N I know it’s just in my thoughts, the man in the mirror has tried to help me learn the difference between what my inner voice and his voice sounds n feels like inside my head."
175983561,Thanks newtus. As soon as I started eating there was an ant on my table. It's so gross. They swarm around crumbs on the floor.
175983562,Cool! Glad I've got some good ones...
175983563,Water for Elephants by _NAME_
175983564,Against the thoughts I took some meds. My Lexapro and my abilify. The Latuda is the night med. I think I’ll ask my mom to handle it for me. I hate that. I feel like a child. I just hate being a burden. I’ve been doing so well the last few years. Now everyone is going to think I’m putting too much pressure on myself and the stress got to me. Or they’ll think I drink too much. It’s embarrassing. I hate it. I’ll call my doctor tomorrow. He’s really a nice guy who wants the best for me. He’s helped me a lot these last five years.
175983565,"Hi _NAME_, I’m so sorry to hear the pain that you’re in. I hope there is at least one positive thing that you can focus on, I’m sure there is, everyone has some thing. I am new to the app and your story is squeezing my heart. I’m not sure if this is an app where you can communicate directly, but if you’d like to talk or if there’s anything I can do to help, please let me know. Things will get betterpier The sun will shine again for you. PSTD is very serious and to have been held at gunpoint has to be something that is extremely scary long after the event has ended. I will add you to my prayers and there are so many people feeling the way that you are in these trying times. Please continue to hold on, things will get better. Find self-help books to read. Reach out to old friends and acquaintances from years ago, a lot of people are dealing with similar situations and would love to hear from someone from their past. Connect with support groups and share your story. You have inspired me to
day."
175983566,"One of my coworkers was s***talking me to another coworker. Even though this morning I told the first coworker that I hadn't done it. But obviously she either didn't listen or didn't believe me. Now I'm in a bad mood. On a separate note, I hope we get the PPP loan this time around. It would really help my anxiety."
175983567,"It really is whitewashed tho. You are preaching to the choir, my friend"
175983568,Here if you need to talk
174379693,"I’m basically on like rexulti, clozapine, and lamictal. Rest of my meds like metformin, bats blocker, and laxatives is alli take anymore."
175983569,How much do they cost?
175983570,Feeling down today ?
175983571,"Maybe once I have practiced continually for a year, I'll invest in a MacBook air, since I need a new laptop anyway and they also have much better camera/video capabilities, so I can record myself and put songs I learn up on Facebook"
175983572,Anyone that has a smart watch should show me their sleep waves
175983573,"Oh I do save them because they help me remember the high points...thing is this is all the camera, the only thing I adjust is zoom/framing. I think that people who are successful photographers play a lot with photoshop radial filters and the like. But thanks _NAME_...I really appreciate your positive thoughts"
175983574,I always get chaotic evil on that ...
175983575,Showered and shaved
175983576,Pancake mix is one of the cheapest things you can buy.....
175983577,I ordered a special brush pen.....getting artsy....
175983578,Awesome! Btw what happened to your panic attacks? Did any medications help?
175983579,They do it because they love the work tho
175983580,"Ive been so agitated in the afternoon/evenings Possible trigger: i don't know how to explain it but I want to rip my skin off , I have no idea why this has been happening"
175983581,"Yeah, I'm in Texas too. I woke up around 3 am. But I went to bed around 8, so I got around 7 hours."
175983582,Had a vegan cauliflower bowl
175983583,Idk why but I've been able to read really fast lately It's like I'm rushing everything
175983584,I'm a fool. I'm dumb. Fck life. Fck everything.
175983585,"I also went to walmart and got fiance a NASA tshirt for 7 dollars, for Christmas. And me some red sweatpants that are sherpa lined. They are nice."
175983586,I just watched the documentary Bipolar Rock ‘n’ Roller about this Canadian sports announcer who suffers from bipolar disorder. Got me right in the feels. Can relate to a lot of what he had gone through. Anyway I should go sleep. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175983587,Now I feel hyper and chatty again! _PERSON_!
175983588,"With The Witcher series coming to Netflix in about 1 month, I’m going to read The Last Wish (""Introducing the Witcher"") that I bought 4 years ago and never read. I want to finish the whole series before watching the Netflix adaptation. I also love the games. Well, I'm on page 19 now, so I've already got a start"
174379709,On Abilify I had that rapid flexing of my ankles and feet. It wasn't as bad as it could have been though.
175983589,"I just think there's biologically, in society, .. society is benefited by having ""warners"".. The outsiders.. The looking glass people.. They don't function in society and heal people individually - While the sociopaths become leaders and control everything. How can the schizotype become leaders? Impossible. They don't have the manipulation skills. And the geniuses make inventions (_PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_), the mass of people move towards things.. They're like waves.. We all drop pebbles into the ocean.. To me the ocean is vast and drains my energy deeply.."
175983590,Flamin' hot ruffle chips
175983591,"Sometimes it is hard to see how toxic of an environment you are in, when you are living in it. I know you feel like there is no point in living, but there is so much to life. Outside of your room, is your house. Outside of your house, is your town. Outside of your town, is your state. Outside of your state, is your country. Outside of your country, is your world. You have a purpose and you just need to discover it. Example: As your username reveals, you are a _PERSON_ fan. Try and find an internship. Maybe photography? Maybe sales? Or maybe you could find a philanthropy that works closely to the _PERSON_ or NFL as a whole? _USER_ID_ down some ideas and I am sure you will surprise yourself. Feel free to share them with us, too."
175983592,If you like that you would really love the Farmers Almanac.
175983593,I feel lightheaded or whatever. Probably cuz I haven’t eaten.
175983594,"That's interesting. I was just thinking, youd think people who are on edge would want to calm down, and people who are always relaxed need something to spruce them up. Which is why people do drugs I guess. But I'd prefer to always be on my toes and hyper aware. If I didnt have my night meds or aka the over the counter stuff my pdoc told me to take, I'd never ever sleep."
175983595,Sounds like you’re doing great! I’m always rooting for you
175983596,"I did it , 30 minutes of walking on the treadmill. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175983597,"It’s good to have you back Job, missed your posts. SP I’m sorry for what you’re going through with your family, I’ll keep you all in my prayers if that’s okay Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175983598,"I think the pain might've went away, in my cheekbone and nose, but idk. It's gone now but we will see. I took zyrtec. My dad and fiance said they been dealing with allergies really bad past 2 days. As for my ear lobe, I need saline solution or jojoba oil."
175983599,"Sleep is good. There was one time that I stayed up for at least 24 hours and it didn't go too well. When I get poor quality sleep, I am much more likely to have mental health symptoms."
175983600,As long as there is pet food around it’s hard to keep them away....
175983601,"Alright, I took my night meds. I have to fight with myself every night to make myself do it and sleep"
175983602,"A reading guide to the Gospel of _NAME_ in my Bible. And ""A _USER_ID_ Miracle Christmas"" by _NAME_"
175983603,Glad you got some sleep...so dangerous to go without... Also glad your book is on track.....let us know when it’s released
175983604,"No way I’m posting a pic here though, afraid it could cost me a job in the future."
175983605,So sorry you feel this way. I have felt the same. Sending positive thoughts
175983606,Some of it depends on how high above the gumline your teeth are.....
175983607,"People don’t talk enough about ahem (slightly not PG-13) Possible trigger: hyper sexuality. I’m single, there’s a pandemic, I have needs! I’m so... frustrated. I even get nervous thinking about talking to my doctor about it, it’s embarrassing."
175983608,Yeah I heard Invega is pretty strong. Quetiapine is a good med too. Hey have given up the coffee. Yorkshire tea only for this here cowboy!
175983609,Hi folks. How’s your week been? Check in if you have the time. I’m still in lockdown we are only aloud out once a day for exercise or to go to shop for food or medicine and it looks like it’s going to stay this way for a while yet. On the positive side I finally managed to pick up my prescription for melatonin so finally got a wee bit of sleep but could do with a lot more. _PERSON_
175983610,"Maybe i care a little about my ex-dog, one time i remember showing empathy for my friend when he broke from relationship, i didnt think i care but it happend. When i get egoistical i can care about my time outside, it feels like a mission where i have to get home asap, when i'm in that 'caring' mood i honk relentlessly untill i get what i want _USER_ID_ about anyone when im sick of being outside, i honk for 20 secs straight"
175983611,"Ah I see. Get it for yourself for Christmas, after all the hard work you’ve been doing so far you deserve it We only have Sephora here and the products aren’t as much as in States. But it’s better than nothing."
175983612,"It's going to rain most of the week, happy about that"
175983613,"The many ways of helping myself to keep my bipolar disorder well managed now and in the future include: continuing to take my medication, get help right away if I start to feel manic and/or depressed, and to maintain a healthy lifestyle in general."
175983614,Pleased with my little parakeet...
175983615,Iced Tea....
175983616,I was reading how inhibiting the pfc increases creativity....I’m wondering if some of the cognitive issues may actually contribute to your ideas
175983617,Yes I did
175983618,Made it to level 15 in the mines
175983619,I just called my pdoc s office apparently they are doing telemedicine so that’s good....we’ll see when the time comes though it’s just after the lockdown ends....
175983620,"My interests are video games, sports, and fantasy books mainly. Kinda typical boring stuff. I've been thinking about rereading A Song of Ice and Fire (the books that Game of Thrones is based on) so I might start that tonight if I'm not gonna sleep"
175983621,Happy Birthday FR!
175983622,"It is so hard to say where his head is right now. I would wait a little while and if he doesn't contact you then move on if that is what you want to do. Bi-polar is so difficult to deal with. People get manic episodes where they don't seem like the same person. Some take their meds, some don't and that leads to rocky relationships. Nobody knows what to expect. Give it a little time. Then do what is right for you. I am sorry you are going through this. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983623,"I feel like the week after I see my doctor I feel worse like something is wrong. But the week before I go in to see my doctor, everything is fine. Weird how that happens."
175983624,"Wow, reading about the OCD and Bipolar is making sense now. Very interesting..."
175983625,"You don’t owe anyone a justification, explanation, proof, etc. about anything. I have zero need to justify, explain, and/or prove any part of myself or anything I do, say, think, feel, etc. nor do I ever have any need to justify, explain, and/or prove my actions to be about, for, to, against, etc. anything. I am who I am and everything about my existence speaks for itself. If other people are too caught up in their absurd need to have everything and everyone justified, explained, and proven to them before they will accept anyone or anything as valid, acceptable, worthy, truthful, etc. then great, they’re entitled to that ... and they will not sway me into justifying, explaining, or proving anything about myself or my life or anything else. No one has that kind of power over me."
174379749,I am right now 30 years old and was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in 27. Anyway while checking some old notes from 2006 i read about some paranoid ideas i was writing in my note book. So i was sure that my paranoia was way before the diagnosis. The problem is that i was still having the ability to study with that illness even though untreated. Do you think i should restart a healthier carreer ?
175983626,"Doing much, much better today. Took 2 VRAYLAR pills, second day in a row. Still hearing background voices as usual and was up til maybe 5am but slept and woke up at 9am. Which is fine since I slept all day yesterday. Gonna try to stay awake today."
175983627,Gorgeous!
175983628,_PERSON_ I didn’t even realize there were new ones coming out until I read this. I hadn’t been keeping up with the Nintendo Directs. I can’t wait!!
175983629,I can believe it. Where I live in CA it is like that. Well we aren't usually in the negative. But it can be 28 degrees in the morning and 80 in the afternoon.
175983630,Raining today . We were supposed to go on helicopter tours but I’m not paying that kind of $$ to look at rain clouds. My daughter zip lined at attitash yesterday (we all did but it’s a big deal for her). It was ****ing awesome. She is just like me...scared of everything and filled with anxiety. But she did it!!! So proud of her I didn’t get any video though. My husband got videos of me and my son though. This is Wildcat Mountain. We went to the top on the gondola while the guys were downhill mountain biking at Attitash. IMG_2182.JPG
175983631,"What I am about to write may seem harsh and shocking to some people. We live in the US, at least I do. Usually we are the first to help other nations and usually we work together to this end. I have NEVER seen a country as divided as we are now. Our administration does NOT follow the medical experts with the results being a total breakdown in working together for a solution. World wide this pandemic has claimed over 577,000 deaths so far. This is over one half million people. I can hardly conceive of this number. I love my country as I am sure other who live abroad also do. I am just so disappointed the US is not a leader in helping others nor working together with its own people. The world needs to come together now to find a solution to this problem. I am so sick and tired of politics driving everything in the US as well as other countries. Why cant we all get along? People all over the world are dying and we fight over this or that. Republicans and Democrats both make me sick. To them its all ab
out the party line--never caring about the people of this country. I am so sorry about the rant. God bless us allPost Edited (oceanfisher58) : 7/16/2020 9:43:34 AM (GMT-6)"
175983632,"Same. HereÂ’s a chronological list of things that happened to me between this decade. 2011 -my mom announces her pregnancy to a third kid after getting knocked up. Neither me or my other brother were happy to hear this news. -my motherÂ’s behavior changes the same day and she becomes the ***** that I know and hate to this very day. -in the summer of that year, he is born. -also in that year, my mom loses custody of my little brother. -7th grade starts and so does the bullying. 2012 -I start dating this girl who my family disapproves of. -I start engaging in risky and criminal behavior. 2019 -on my 21st birthday in March, my litle brother decides to start ****ing with me. I get pissed off and then my grandfather starts threatening me that his dad would beat my ***. -then when I go to a restaurant for the night, some jerk bumps into me without saying excuse me. -then when weÂ’re on the way home, my mom swipes through my phone and finds embarrassing stuff on it. -the next day, my little broth
er starts ****ing with me again, but this time my mother is going crazy on me. -also in March, my friend gets to see me, so we smoke weed and drink together, he goes full retard and freaks the **** out and after we took him home, he got put into rehab. Also whole he was here, my mom made my spend my own *******_NAME_ birthday money on him, my friend and her greedy *** self. I tell my aunt about this in the hopes that sheÂ’ll ruin her one more time for me, but she never does. She even told my grandmother about it. -that same month, my depression starts to kick in and so does my violent thoughts. I join a mental health website for support. These next set of events I canÂ’t out my finger on as to exactly when they happened. But my best guess from memory would be between April - June. -I visit the dentist and I hear the bad news that IÂ’m gonna need many more fillings after one or two years of painstaking dental work. I actually cry for the first time in a while. -I get the idea of daring my momÂ’s ol
d friend whoÂ’s around my age to move out, but she never responded to my friend requests or messages until months later, towards the end of the year. -my grandmother finds where I stashed all of my weapons for all these years and takes them. When I found out about this, I got so pissed off that I threw a ladder in the swimming pool. -when my mom sees the ladder in the pool, she gets pissed off and starts screaming at me. Possible trigger: -with the old house locked where I got the weapons from, I started breaking an old sprinkler pope against a cinderblock and anvil to try to make a weapon but my mom pops up from out of nowhere and takes it from me. I try to get it back but she refuses. It gets to the point where I knock over a cardboard box and she starts screaming at me to pick it up, so I do, but accidentally cut myself on something in it pretty badly. Then she starts filming me, so I slap the phone out of her hand, she then picks it up and continues filming me, so I decide to take a walk down the road. 
-I find my old Android, but when I tried to plug it in, it wouldnÂ’t charge right. I then find out it was because I hadnÂ’t charged it in such a long time, so I get a new battery, and, not knowing how to take the old battery out, I end up ripping out the battery connector and possibly damaging the charging port as well. I give up trying to fix it, so I just take out the SIM card. I plan on getting a SIM reader or possibly a new Android phone to put it into. -this is where things get really weird. Around April or May I really start losing it on these birds (I think theyÂ’re called band-tailed pigeons) that would this highly irritating HOOT HOOT HOOT noises that would piss me off to the point where I would scream my lungs out at these birds and throw **** at them - anything I could get my hands on, and I would always miss them because they were always so high up. They first started off only doing it in the mornings, but they eventually progressed to doing this ALL DAY. And after they flew away they wou
ld make this retarded noise that would only piss me off even more. It got the point where I stole a pellet rifle from the old house to kill them with, but failed to kill a single one of them. At first, I could barely figure out how to work the damn thing, because the barrel wouldnÂ’t go down, but I eventually managed to get it to by accident. I then put the pellet in backwards by accident so I ramroded it out with a straightened coathanger, but I couldnÂ’t get it perfectly straight, so I just rammed it in there out of frustration and it came out. Then when I first went outside, they stopped making the retarded noise, as if they knew that I was gonna kill them, so I set the rifle down. Then later I remember finding one on the ground, so I looked through the scope to see it, but the problem? The scope was too close in. And I couldnÂ’t adjust it either. I mustÂ’ve shot the damn thing two or three times before going in for a final shot trying to look above the scope as a last ditch act of frustration, 
and it ****ing flew off. I then looked at the scope and saw all these screws in it and couldnÂ’t figure out how I could get the tools to disassemble it, so I just ripped it off out of frustration, finding something out again by accident. For the rest of that day, I used the sights, and it still failed me, no matter how good of a shot I had. One time it was up in a tree and shot and it flew off, another time one was on a powerline and people were on the porch for Easter (IIRC) and I remember holding fire because I didnÂ’t want to **** up the powerline shooting at this thing, so it either flew to a tree or just flew off completely. Then another time I was in the backyard and saw another one high up in a tree, so I aimed, it saw me and flew off, so I tried shooting it in mid air, reloaded once or twice, and BAM, it was gone. The last attempt I made was during the evening just before _USER_ID_ when I saw one or two out in the trees many yards away that they were barely visible, but you could still hear them
. I mustÂ’ve shot two or three times and missed every one. So, I decided to call it quits for the day, because the pellet gun I was using was a piece of ****. My mom caught me shooting it and started acting all nice all of a sudden, but then I later found out the dumbass thought I had a real gun and she and my grandfather were at my bedroom door looking all worried and ****, so I told them it was a pellet gun so they picked it up and took it back. -also around this time, planes were also constantly buzzing through the sky to where I could hear them in my bedroom. I got so pissed off to where I was screaming at them and flipping them off. -also around this time, these idiots driving ATVs suddenly appeared through my neighborhood, and they would go back and forth through my driveway and they were so loud that I could even hear them in my bedroom. I got so pissed off that I started yelling at them and flipping them off as they went by. -also around this time, the animals started to get extremely annoying outs
ide when I wanted peace of mind and wouldnÂ’t get out of my way. I threw a shoe at one of the cats and missed and it ****ing fell in a puddle of mud, completely ruining it. -I also start calling the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, but at one point, some ***** who I was talking to wouldnÂ’t stop telling me to take my medicine and I decided to kindly conclude that conversation and hang up on her. I then called back and the same ***** answered, so I left again and looked online to see if my counselor was available, but I found that they were closed, so I just started crying hysterically because I was in so much distress to where even my mom was concerned about me. -the chihuahua puppy ate all of my Easter chocolates and **** on my bed. -then I knock over a soda can filled with my piss (donÂ’t ask me why), stinking up my whole room. Then I ask them if they had any Lysol or decontaminants, but they said no, so I had to use a rag and a bottle of bathroom spray just to clean it up. -then my grandmothe
r tells me that I had an appointment with the nurse on Monday. When Monday came, she said she never told me that. -then, with all of this going on, from the planes to the birds to the cats and dogs to the ATVs et cetera, I start to lose my mind and think that I could be cursed with bad luck or that God could be mad at me. I called up my pastor and told him about this and he prayed for me. I even started praying myself, but this was around the time when I noticed severe personality and mental status changes. Also of note is that when Possible trigger: I was loading up the pellet gun to shoot the birds, I could almost hear a female voice in my head taunting me. I start screaming until my throat gets sore, then screaming some more and crying hysterically to where my mom and grandparents start treating me nicely for once. -I then try posting this to a mental health forum and noticed that it didnÂ’t post or it was just pooft gone. I had the pasta saved on my notes, but accidentally deleted it and started scream
ing more. -I also developed this nasty habit of punching holes in the walls of my bedroom. -I also redeveloped this other habit of breaking **** in the yard, with one time my mom yelling at me to pick up the broken shards of glass from the beer bottles I busted. -also around this period, things got so bad to where I tried to have myself committed twice, with the second succeeding for less than a day before getting picked up by medicaid transport, just to get away from my family. -around _PERSON_, I went to go visit my grandmother (fatherÂ’s mother) and my aunt was commenting on how emaciated I looked due to Adderall usage. I was 5Â’8Â” 128 - 135 lbs. at the time. I was definitely malnourished and brfore my grandmother came to pick me up, my mom was telling me to kill myself and all kinds of other ****. -also before I visited my grandmother, I started getting this severe pruritus at night after taking Tylenol PM to where I couldnÂ’t go to sleep and it would only subside once I took one of those sal
t baths. Otherwise nothing worked. I told my doctor about this and they prescribed me Zyrtec pills. -sometime in May, I made a thread on 4chanÂ’s /k/ board which resulted in me getting severely denigrated and **** on by the whole community. It was really hurtful the things they said. -after seeing my social worker, she sets me up with voc rehab and college, but somebody called off my university application. -I also try to apply for some apartment place at this mental health center, but get my application rejected after what my grandmother told them forced me into a corner that they tricked me into during the interview concerning my anger problems. -another time I get mad after my mom refuses to spend my disability money on me, so I destroy all their potted plants and put another hole in the wall, so my grandmother gets really pissed at me, and my mom does too and she starts recording me (again) and I bump into her and she shoves me, so I try to get into my room, but she slams the door open and tries to thr
ow a pencil at me but misses. -I eventually get taken off of Adderall after they also find Marijuana in my system. As for July, it was up and down. As for August, that was the month where I got committed after calling the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline twice telling them I wanted to kill my family, and one time the police visited me after I gave them my location and both times I got on the line with this crisis number and they told my counselor about this, who then committed me between August 26th - September 9th. Also in August prior to getting committed, I download _PERSON_ and meet this black guy on there, we meet up, he starts giving me weird vibes, so I get scared and jump out the car and walk ove a mile to home, all the while intoxicated with police cars passing by me five times. I still got away with that one somehow. By late October, I made a really incriminating and embarrassing post on an anonymous confessions site. By late November, I finally received my first bit of good news for the entire 
year from my new counselor that I can ask my doctor about getting my disability money put in my name instead of hers. So I call her up, get in touch with the nurse, she directs me to another lady who tells me she can get me and my counselor in touch with another lady who can help me petition the court. By early December, I see my counselor, she tells me I should be able to have an appointment with her in a week or two, but I havenÂ’t been able to get in touch with her since I saw her. And on Christmas eve, I got into a huge argument with my mom and grandparents over me breaking and throwing stuff in the yard and my mom refusing to buy me **** with my own disability money. And yeah, thatÂ’s how this year went for me."
175983633,No I will look at condos cuz it’s that way here too
175983634,"Hi all, I usually don't like to use the forums to get reassurance and this is against my CBT practice but I am sort of quite panicky now. I got very sweaty for 4-5 days ago when I sat on my computer chair with a blanket under my legs (I know, wrong) and then that evening I felt some bumps behind my left leg (hamstring area) and started scratching them because it felt itchy. It was not too much red, I even thought I got bitten by 10 crazy mosquito. but next day the area became pink/red not itchy anymore but more noticeable small bumps. I sent the pic to my mom and she said it must be irritated skin, because of sweat. Then it started burning and having slight pain. I dont have pain all the time sometimes a small stinging and a little burning if my clothing touches there. then two or three days later I noticed the bumps became hard like, scale feeling. actually exactly like blisters but now the overall redness is gone but this time only the blisters are darker even with a bluish hue. A very weird thin
g to look at and it gives me panic. I thought about everything, even skin C. etc. I showed it to an online Dr (it's a Swedish thing lately, they work like that) and they said _PERSON_ something something. What? I am not even active in that aspect. I was separated 3 yrs ago and I know my EX doesn't have anything sort, I was his first. And my previous relationship ended 14 yrs ago, I didn't go around touching people's skins and all. Really. And the blisters, behind my leg, a very unlikely place to call it herpes, right? I don't have anything around my mouth or down there. So can it be a skin infection? My catastrophic mind tells me this is something deadly because it looks like a rotten zombie really. Anyone experienced anything like that? :/"
175983635,Hi. HT
175983636,"I am doing well today. I am just trying to figure stuff out. I had school yesterday, and that was good. The school is for eight hours, which is a long day, and I was tired afterward. But I felt like I did a decent job at school. And so that's a good thing. Some days I feel like things are worse, and I feel as if my mind is flat on my medicine, but I feel like the medicine helps a great deal. So sometimes I become slightly torn over it. I like practicing writing, though. It's a good thing in my life. It's something I can do. I like writing monologues and stuff like that. I want to get more work in translation and things like that. I almost got a proofreading job this past week, but they gave me very few directions on what they were looking for in the ""practice test,"" so I blew them off. Now I am listening to Parquet Courts, a band from Brooklyn, New York, I am pretty sure."
175983637,They’re amazing !
175983638,"I'm so glad to hear that you trust your mom, that's wonderful. It's a difficult situation to feel that you need to protect her from this trauma for her health, and that is understandable. Wonderful that you have a cousin who might be of support. You could try to cultivate a closer friendship with your cousin. Med school probably has some students who are more open minded than the general public, you may find yourself making a friend there. Please don't let that teacher's breech of your trust stop you from getting close to people and trusting them, not blindly, but with discernment. I haven't had that horrible a breech of my trust but I very much struggle with trusting others and trusting myself. Is there a gay community in Iran? Or are they forced to be hidden? Even though there is a lot of acceptance in America of homosexuality, it's still a difficult thing to navigate, especially as a young person. I wonder how much more difficult that is there. There's a silly saying that has a lot of truth to i
t. ""Depression is anger turned against oneself. "" Please bear that in mind every time you question whether you were somehow to blame for what happened. Please direct the anger away from yourself and towards the teacher who harmed you. I want to tell you that I am impressed with you, your english is excellent, and you've managed remarkably well. Considering what you've been through and the lack of family support, you made it to therapy, you made it here to tell your story, and you're in med school?... Goodness! I think you're doing really well, just keep reaching for support and understand that healing is a slow process, but you're on the right path!"
175983639,It always amazes me how much generic APs cost when other meds are like pennies. Sorry you went through this but glad you got the meds.
175983640,I haven't made a phone appointment with my therapist yet because I can only really think of a few things at a time.. I don't identify with my current thoughts.. I would think that she'd be able to bring it out of me.. Is that apart of their job? I just figure that no one else can be better at bringing out my thoughts in a conversation than the constant conversation I have with myself every day... I'm kind of obsessed with my thoughts and how to organize them all. I'm constantly organizing them and it never stops.
175983641,"I forget, do you have any prn's for this?"
175983642,"Yes, I buy my jeans via catalog (or online) from Woman Within. They're elastic waist and very comfortable."
175983643,"One time, I went to this bakery and they had this bell on the door to ring when you entered, but that day the door was already open so I just walked in silently and the server was in the back doing something and didn't know I was there. I remember thinking, ""I could say hi and get his attention,"" but then the thought just stopped there. This wasn't like anxiety or stubbornness where I'm like, ""I could say this, but I don't want to."" There was no actual consideration of doing so, it was just an observed fact about the world, like thinking ""penguins can't fly."" I stood there for a minute or two until he finally turned around and was like, Oh! there's someone here."
175983644,Have you told your pdoc this? I'm so sorry you're going through this.
175983645,"Cool, thanks! I'll follow you back"
175983646,That's good _PERSON_.
175983647,Congratulations tweaky
175983648,All beautiful SP! I think this is my favorite! Thanks for sharing!
175983649,"_PERSON_, although you haven't been able to break out of this vicious circle yet, you will be able to break out of it in the future, hopefully the near future."
175983650,"I recommend the bouqs, their bouquets are usually exactly what you order unlike regular florists they actually source the flowers directly. They are especially good with roses"
175983651,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175983652,Chocolate peanut butter cup ice cream
175983653,"Stay healthy, Ange!! Hugs!"
175983654,"Played Yonder this morning, getting further along, 36% completion so far"
175983655,Hey there. Thanks ... however I’m highly pissed right now about total ********... My world is crumbling but that’s probably what the ***** probably wants to see now. but how are you doing? I hope all is well with you Slumber.
175983656,"Hope it kicks in soon for you Falcon, what dose are you on? I take 3mg, also take 600mg seroquel though"
175983657,I know....it is sneaking up on us!
175983658,Job will be fine and walk will be great.
175983659,"HT... Hope things are better. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175983660,I feel so sad _USER_ID_: Possible trigger: I'm drinking wine. I bought a magnum. I will drink 1.5L of wine lol
175983661,That's my game!
175983662,"""Commonly used painkillers including ibuprofen increase the risk of developing an irregular heart rhythm by up to 40 per cent”, reported The Daily Telegraph. It said that a new study has found a link between the anti-inflammatories and atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter."" How does this happen? I took 400mg Advil for a headache and already have a bad heart (It's all completely in my head) and I'm fine. This is pure madness."
175983663,"I feel a bit disconnected from reality, in a dissociative way. Just came back from a walk"
175983664,The other things to consider is when people become famous they often get honorary degrees from colleges.......so keep working on writing....and one day you’ll have th degree for free
175983665,It’s not. I think I pulled a muscle. But here comes the anxiety and wondering if I’m gonna die fears.
175983666,I just wrote an article for _PERSON_ ‘s blog on anxiety and covid but this sounds more like frustration from being put on hold. I still feel like being able to take some action helps. Maybe you can take something cheaper online like through coursera or udemy or something like that. If I remember correctly you wanted something in psych but were considering changing to another field....if you want anything with computers there is the google it support professional certificate on coursera it’s like 8 months or you can go faster and I think coursera was like $50 a month which is pricey but not school pricey.
175983667,My roommate keeps turning off the AC. The CNA said to keep it on so the floors don't get wet. Why do the floors get wet?
175983668,My sister is bringing the rest of my stuff over here this afternoon
175983669,"That's what empathy should be and it's what people think they're doing with empathy. However, my experience of what people describe as ""natural"" empathy seems to be a conveying of ones own self's motives and feelings onto another and subconsciously fearing for themselves. True empathy should be derived through reason, not reaction. It's very important to me. The reason I spend so much time analysing this stuff is that I have to; auto-pilot doesn't work."
175983670,"Hey all! If you write poetry or bust flows I'd love to hear what you have all came up with. Sometimes I write rhymes to process things I'm dealing with. Usually I play guitar but for me nothing processes thoughts like writing them out in an artful way. Looking forward to seeing what you all have came up with. I'll go first so I can throw myself out there. ""The voices leave me irritated. I'm forced to be stuck and situated. Confused and in a ruse, I don't know what belief to choose. Is it all real? Never case closed no stamp and seal. Problems throughout the years have my brain slipping gears. My mind scattered like rain with my comprehension down the drain. My efforts all in vain. I have to keep silent even when borderline rage-violent. Twisted and contorted. If life were a jet, I'm the one that aborted. I thought I had it all sorted. Am I really crazy? Can't be if the concept ain't _USER_ID_. I comprehend that possibility. Losing reality is no tranquility. Suicide? A necessary evil like when Jesu
s got crucified. He heard God, I hear spirits and demons. I'm fallen man, derived from the Garden of _NAME_. How do I adjust? My mind I distrust. Deteriorating like iron getting rust."" NOTE: I do not condone suicide. This is a mere writing of my thoughts and processing suicidal thoughts. Suicidal thoughts can slip into anybody and they're not always your conscious thoughts. I battle them with creativity. This is my way of dealing with them. It helps me greatly and I understand everyone has their own way of dealing with things."
175983671,No because I was not home. I wouldn’t of done it around people. Stuff like that I do at home in private. Weird I know.
175983672,"The likelihood of this is minute I promise you. I think you need to talk to your care team, Falcs. Perhaps this isn’t the best time to discharge."
175983673,"Negative: They ran out of decaff so I just let the café before I got any real work done so I went home Positive: I'm rounding up poems from the romantic movement and over 350 pages into it, half of the work is written because I already did the research due to my first book. Honestly, this kind of fell in my lap, so I just have to add a little more, express my thoughts to dilate on topics, and interpret, so the reader can follow lucidly. I wish I saved the book title I had for my first book for this book, but all is well, I have a great book title for this that will do lovely. Reading these Romantics again, and going over their theory, I have to conclude I am one of them in thought, not in ability. I wish people looked past their poetry and saw what they were rebelling against... In this book I will extrapolate just that."
175983674,"omg it's like a blizzard outside. Just had a brush with death, almost got hit by very fast car walking home from CVS, I was sure it was gonna hit me it was coming straight on at full speed already extremely close to me I was only able to back up like an inch when it went whizzing by"
175983675,"Thanks. You're on a pretty high dose too. I think I'm gonna start at 25mg and titrate very slowly up, doc says it takes 3 weeks to titrate usually"
175983676,Sympathy cards and congratulations cards and a stick of jerky
175983677,Took a shower Brushed teeth Bought myself some takeout
175983678,I'm worried about _NAME_ because she hasn't eaten much the past couple of days. She's barely eaten any crunchies. I hope she is getting enough liquid. I told my Dad that if she is not eating still tomorrow we need to take her to the vet. She is usually ravenous. Plus she threw up yesterday. I'm hoping her stomach is just a little unsettled but I don't know. I didn't even give her her insulin this morning because I didn't think she had eaten enough.
175983679,Classic...or maybe I should say timeless?
175983680,"If I could just give in and be sad, I can't do that. Then I'd be unproductive. But I hate myself and have suicidal thoughts."
174379826,"Sorry, _PERSON_. i get this kind of thing a fair bit, myself, too. Hope today is calmer. Have you guys ever talked about Clozaril? I was going to go on it, but we tried _PERSON_ first and it has really helped a lot."
175983681,"My biology literally cannot tolerate taking these things long term (the side effects render me non functional within three days, I’m not kidding, zero exceptions), so I’ve avoided this thankfully."
175983682,Good luck!?
175983683,"the colors flow, like a leaf in a rain"
175983684,_PERSON_ I have but during the day. I slept like 4 hours yesterday in the middle of the day on top of sleeping the whole previous night.
175983685,At least people tell me it is a delusion. It seems real.
175983686,There isn't an electric outlet near my bed. My roommates are going to get mad at me because I don't feel ready to unpack and my stuff is in giant bags on the floor. I'm very depressed.
175983687,not today but i did yesterday before going to the doctor. Probably tomorrow.
175983688,Omggg not in energy drinks I meant AND energy drinks
175983689,"Yeah money doesn’t automatically make people happy but it sure does help having a financial stability. When I was a kid my dream was to help people while traveling around the world. I took political science majoring in foreign affairs because I wanted to be a diplomat like my grandfathers. I finished University then worked in a marketing company while applying for non governmental organizations and the foreign affairs ministry. This was the reason why my English is better than most people in my country, I studied it hard to work overseas. But then I got ill before I could even do interviews. I’m so much better now. And I just want a simple life. Making just enough money, build a farm, and live a quite and peaceful life while focusing on my spirituality. I’m done with big cities, I’ve had my adventures."
175983690,Congratulations!!!
175983691,_NAME_ has her vet appointment on the 11th!!
175983692,Hahaha I thought I was the only one. _PERSON_
175983693,Changed the windows in my room today and got my air conditioner serviced. I want to repaint the walls and get some new decorations next month.
175983694,"Yeah, I'm usually good and able to focus and get stuff done. My sister has ADHD and we figure my dad also had it so I guess there's a big chance I might have it. But I think it's mostly because of mania right now. If I continues I'll for sure look into it."
175983695,I really hope the appointment with the bank goes well on Monday...
175983696,"You are not crazy, you are feeling the tumors growing, meiosis when cells divide, and translation when DNA replicates, please be persistent when you go to the doctor, document everything, I have felt similar things and the doctor thought I was crazy, now the tumor is size of golf ball, pain can be intense, Talk with doctor and tell them you have everything documented, just in case you are incapacitated and your support person can take journal to hospital to save your life, Please remember, life is good, your real friends will continue to support you, never give up,"
175983697,"No, I did not. I shower when I smell or when I feel dirty and that is not everyday! I do not usually have body odor, but I do wash up between showers."
175983698,Just took one
175983699,Sorry you’re having so much trouble....hugs.
175983700,Oh I posted above. Basically I think someone at work tried to screw me over.
174379847,"Are u Ok? by _NAME_ Coping Skills : Tools and Techniques for Every Stressful Situation by Faith_PERSON_ Thoughts and Feelings: Taking Control of Your Mood and Your Life by _NAME_ The Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Workbook by _NAME_ The Anxiety and Phobia Workbook by _NAME_ Those are the ones I own and use, I have others relating to specifics like eating disorder/bulimia, schizophrenia, schizoaffective/Bipolar"
175983701,School has started yay!
175983702,"Who is telling u this, _PERSON_--voices?"
175983703,Nicotine is def a stimulant.
175983704,"Do you have a nice library near you? If you do then you might be able to try the Great Courses out. I grew up on them from 23 to 30. I think the online library for audio books and stuff is called Overdrive. You have to check whether your library uses it though. Overdrive could just be a US thing. If they don't have them online, they might have physical CD copies. I'd use iTunes to rip them and store as MP3's unless you want to bit torrent them, which is what I have always done, except for the good ones, i'd buy them full price WHEN ON SALE. The better ones can reach up to $250, but when on sale go down to $40 or $90. Not all professors are equal though, but there are a bunch of good ones. I've found that the Great courses are better than my own professors."
175983705,I made some peanut butter fudge. Can't wait till it's cooled to have some
175983706,I'm on deviant art. Although havent been active since Myspace went out. I did photoshopp editing and stuff.
175983707,I was taking a nap. I’m sorry.
175983708,Has anyone ever heard of euphoric depression? Or had it?
175983709,Well I find reality checking somewhat helpful. If I see demons and no one else does it helps. Then again I’m the only one that can see them because I can see the dead and they talk to me. They too tell me to harm myself. Either I do it or someone does it for me. What they need is my blood.
175983710,"Wow!! I'm not as ambitious as Blue_Bird, so this won't sound like much. I sort of pushed myself this morning into doing a few things, very little actually. But I was feeling very weak & miserable, so I ended up feeling kind of proud of myself. Yay! Ok, so anyway, that's like inching my way towards success. I count that as a positive."
175983711,"I’m still in bed relaxing, but soon that will Change to homework in bed I hope....there’s no where to be in this place, like his mom is cleaning the living room from 9-12 every day so it’s not quiet. Anyway try not to think about what the company will do...live in the moment."
175983712,"Hi there, well, what was going on in your life when you remember this first happening? Life is not always fun, you are right. What was your expectation? Maybe that might need to be adjusted. There are some great things you can do to work on that. Stay safe and be well. I am proud of you for reaching out."
175983714,I feel amazing but like not in a good way? Like I feel great! Want to do everything! But also have blinds closed so they can’t watch me. I feel I’m being watched and thoughts stolen. So I guess my meds aren’t working. But alas I talk to my doc at 2pm today!
175983715,My mind says to google all sorts of things. I can’t focus. Bleh.
175983716,"Voices actually sound like an actual human voice. You hear it. Mine are not my voice, but other people's. What meds are you on? I have found _PERSON_ most recently to be the most helpful anti-voice med for me. But there are many others out there that can work. What have you tried?"
175983717,217 Fun Things to Do When You Are Bored (Ideas for 2020!) This is actually a smart list. The person that made this is aware and has a mind - It's not mindless crap.
175983718,I feel sad
175983719,I'm looking up haunted places around here
175983720,welp I'm feeling a little less paranoid today.
175983721,I’m starting to get tired. I might take a nap Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175983722,"So I’m playing the waiting game for quite a few things. The waiting game seems to happen every week, but this week it’s for many things. Many really big things could happen this week that determine the course of my life. I also need to figure out what I’m going to do about wanting to get a second certification. Idk."
175983723,Getting some groceries tomorrow. Stuff to make smoothies. And chicken breast for that Crack chicken recipe for crockpot I found on Pinterest. Gonna see if they have my favorite blueberry lemon goat cheese too. Then going to my sister’s to have Easter dinner Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175983724,I’m feeling psychosis set in
175983725,I say go for it. But that’s me
175983726,An _NAME_ Cleaves Audiobook and some metabolism booster pills.
175983727,"Hello everyone, So its been awhile since I have posted here. It is getting warm where I live in the US. I was fortunate to not get that pipe busting cold weather other parts of the USA got. I live in _NAME_. It has been raining almost non stop for the past month or so. I don't mind rain every now and then but the rain we have got is a bit excessive. What's funny is in a few months it won't rain at all when we need it most in summer. In a few weeks it will be 1 year since I have been working from home. I would rather not work from home but I can see light at the end of the tunnel. I got vaccinated last week. It was luck as I found the place I was vaccinated at had extra vaccine doses they had to use. My parents who are in their 60s got vaccinated too. My anxiety has been ok. I have good days and bad days. My anxiety is mostly centered around my house which I have upgraded quite a bit he past year. New floors and blinds and bathroom fixtures. Tomorrow I have an electrician coming to replace the exhau
st fan in the bathroom. I am nervous about it because I am scared that it will be more complicated or they will find something else out. This house has caused me more anxiety the past two and a half years than anything. I can't wait to sell it and move into something newer that doesn't require as much work. Anyway that is an update from my end. Hope is all well with everyone on here!! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You? 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175983728,"Hello, I seem to be in the same boat. I am not sure where to turn or how to get over this isolation and really picking up on the positives that are there that I just can't seem to see. Then the anxiety about the pandemic, work, just not seeming to cope very well. I am scheduling an appointment with a counselor. Am so tired of dealing with this. Mark"
175983729,Just took one
175983730,"TMO, how long do you think your extreme anxiety about getting cleaner in your eyes will last? Do you think it will go away soon? Or do you think you'll stay worried about it for a long time, like days, weeks, or months?"
175983731,"I told my sister that i hated my mom and that i was a little drunk so she biked home, we talked for almost an hour then i gave my mom a hug we cried then my sister talked to her and they cried and now she will try to stop drinking for 2 weeks. We were all drinking. Dysfunctional family. My dad and brother are arguing about the 10k dollar guitar. My dad bought another one. Things MIGHT be ok. But the world economy though..."
175983732,"It's fine, Rome wasn't built in a day, and the foundation under me still needs work. I like challenges, and I view this as a challenge. I have a good plan I think, and my strategy has sound logistics, and can survive enemy contact, which means if stuff goes wrong, it won't collapse. Despite not being the best person, I after this profound life changing moment, intend to correct the path I was on and do some good in this world.It's not about trying to buy me way into heaven either, I think if God exists that wouldn't be good enough. You have to sincerely wish to change in your heart. Thankfully despite typing like a sociopath at times on social media I am not a sociopath. I can't help the fact I was born with this mental illness, but I won't let it define me or control my life. I was saved by blind chance, my mom being a mom noticed something not right with me, and got me 302ed. I was going to kill myself and I had the means and will. I'm alive. For whatever the reason I am here. I am now left with 
a choice. Continue to walk your path of selfishness and sin, or walk one in the light, and try to do some good.I have a chance to do some good with my flawed existence, and I intend to do just that. I get the message God was trying to send me loud and clear. Thankfully he gave me that chance, and didn't just let me burn in hell. I am grateful. Now is the time to act tho. Which is why I asked you what advice you had. Any help along this journey is much appreciated,"
175983733,"Keep on hearing ****, and my meds are about to run out. They're not working either and it doesn't seem like any mh professionals like to believe my suffering + illnesses."
175983734,Hi everyone. I had a pretty nice day today. I listened to a lecture series on the history of freedom. I mostly went through the blend of American freedoms. I also heard another on why the French revolution failed so completely. These will come in handy when I write part 2 of my book if I ever do.
175983735,I have been ocd'ing about choking too. Especially when I have to take my huge potassium pill. I get scared everyday.
175983736,I've not ate at all today because of what's going on.
175983737,"'Histrionics in Love songs' I was thinking more along the lines of having an ability to Love humans in general, rather than individual romantic Love. You know, even a smidgeon of it might make life more bearable than being misanthropic. The whole family thing, kids and grand-kids seems to give people more purpose to keep going. But if one is not hard-wired to do it, then they cannot. 'Acute Pain and loneliness' that comes with the capacity to Love another romantically, sounds like something I have felt. Perhaps your friend is not a non. I would imagine a 'normal person' wouldn't feel this."
174379895,"yeah I've always needed high doses. Like 20mg of zyprexa, 6mg of vraylar, went up to 15mg on haldol. Clozapine I got up to 400mg and my plasma levels were super high, kinda wish i stayed on it longer in hindsight."
175983738,"Electronic harassment - Wikipedia Press accounts have documented individuals who apparently believed they were victims of electronic harassment, and in some cases persuaded courts to agree. In 2008, _NAME_ went to court claiming that his former business associate had threatened him with ""jolts of radiation"" after a disagreement, and later claimed feeling symptoms such as electric shock sensations and hearing strange sounds in his ears. The court decided to issue an order banning ""electronic means"" to further harass _PERSON_.[11]"
175983739,THIS IS EVEN WORSE https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2020/apr/01/extreme-coronavirus-lockdown-controls-raise-fears-for-worlds-poorest I knew I shouldn't have peeked at world news.
175983740,Also I have to plan a class for tomorrow. I hope my student doesn't realize how depressed I am.
175983741,Where is everyone?
175983742,I’ve tried that but I’m gonna keep doing it that. I think my best bet is just try to distance myself from her.
175983743,I was able to read a bit today. So that was good. I am not sure what kratom is. I was thinking about firing my psychiatrist. May have thought better of it though.
175983744,Not sure the only info they needed for me was income I think....and I was over the income limit when I used that.....
175983745,"Yeah I can try, my therapist gave me a referral to a food pantry so I should be hearing from them soon"
175983746,"Oh, boy, that must've been awful listening to all that. Was your mother there in the room with you? You can always find another psychiatrist, can't you?"
175983747,Do you have disney plus? IT's freaking awesome.
175983748,"I've slept 1 hour in the past 48 hours, I can't sleep still, idk what to do about it"
175983749,"My dad had this dark chocolate at 10pm last night and I ate like half of it. We watched a movie and then all of a sudden I told my sister ""I'm tired and CAN'T STOP YAWNING"".. She says, ""So? Then go to sleep"".. I said ""I'm NEVER tired like this"".. So I went to bed and didn't even feel the need to take a zopiclone because I was yawning like crazy in bed.. ""Is there tryptamines or psychedelics in dark chocolate?"" I asked myself.. Well apparently there's serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine) in dark chocolate. ""Dark chocolate contains cocoa, an anti-depressant property that contains serotonin, dopamine, and phenylethylamine — neurotransmitters that play roles in an individual's well-being. Cocoa is also known to facilitate the release of serotonin, as it relaxes the blood vessels in the brain"". I could swear that I felt like how I was on 4-hydroxy-dimethyltryptamine..."
175983750,"Thanks guys. I’m not a danger to myself. I want nothing more than to end it all and have urges to do that but I know I’m not going to act on them, I’m just going to be stuck in this life depressed I don’t know when I’m getting the cat. It depends on when my sister is able to get her vaccinations updated. My sister had an appointment to do that next week but they cancelled."
175983751,Pics are worth a thousand words....of the new couch...not the old ?
175983752,Is it a Christmas movie? ???
174379879,"You are welcome. Sorry, I didn't come here for sometime. By the way, synchronicities are the reason behind certain delusions, this is including thought broadcasting delusion. I have updated the article, hope that will help someone. The Deceptive Nature Of Synchronicities Sheds Light Into The Gangstalking Phenomenon, Schizophrenia, And Our Delusions! – The Ultimate Disclosure Of the Man-Made Phenomena! How anomalous experiences lead to a delusion: Let me help you understand these claims further. Assume you ended up in having a clash with a friend of yours and your friend accuse you of something that you are not guilty of and you understand that your friend is having a misunderstanding. Later that day whilst you were in a shop, two people who are standing next to you start a conversation out of the blue and say, “we know what happened, he is so guilty and he deserves it”. In reality, they have been talking about something that has happened to them but coincidentally, you happened to meet them o
n this very day. Although this appears to be a normal conversation to another person, from your perspective you see clear correlations to the experience that you had prior to this event. Meaning this is actually a synchronicity. On a rare occasion, such a coincidental event would occur, where someone’s conversation correlates with your life activities. If this happens only once to an individual, that individual would simply dismiss it, however, when a person starts having a high number of such meaningful coincidental events out of the blue, this leads to a delusion or an erroneous conclusion. Therefore synchronicities are what make people believe that their thoughts are being broadcast, that they get messages from the TV/ Radio, “everybody knows me”, “people are gangstalking me”, “people could read my mind (if these events correlate with thoughts quite often)”, microphones and various other listening devices are at home, mind-reading devices at home, implants are in the brain, phones are beings 
hacked, NSA/CIA decodes thoughts or monitors them, neighbors are monitoring etc,. Let me further elaborate this by taking some delusions: Thought Broadcasting Delusion: According to Mental Health Daily, “This is the false belief that a person’s thoughts can be heard by others as if they are audible to everyone in their environment.” – 4 Types of Delusions & Extensive List of Themes - Mental Health Daily Although this is a delusion, this is actually not a mental disorder. This is an erroneous conclusion only due to anomalous experiences that an individual is having. Synchronicities are the cause behind this delusion. In other words, an individual would face a high number of meaningful coincidental events according to the narrative that is running in his/her mind. As mentioned earlier even the narrative will be established by the synchronicities only. Here the narrative is: My thoughts are being broadcast/others can hear/read my mind. The meaningful coincidental events: Any meaningful coincidental event
s that would confirm the false belief. Here an individual would face an extremely high number of meaningful coincidences confirming his/her false belief. Since this erroneous conclusion arises in one’s mind due to external meaningful events that would show correlations to one’s thoughts, an individual will give references to support the belief. To further understand this anomalous experience, assume that your thoughts can actually be heard/read by others, if so how would they respond/react? Will they get angry and if so what kind of facial expressions that you would see? Will they laugh? If so what kind of facial expressions that you would see? If not what kind of things that they would say that would correlate with your thoughts? etc., These are some of the coincidental events that an individual would face when they end up in having this erroneous conclusion. This is not all, sometimes an individual would find responses through live TV/Radio presenters, Facebook, emails, etc, to confirm the false belief. 
If the victim of this anomalous experience tries to clarify this from others, whether they can read his/her mind and if they deny it, this very act would even end up in believing that people are lying since the observations contradict with the claims made by the people. This is what the victims of these anomalous experiences have to say: Case study 1: ""I thought I was crazy and I had these thoughts that I Thought Broadcast for a reason. My family and close friends had me going through life in the Thought Broadcasting phase and suffering when all they had to do was tell me the truth. How can they just watch me suffer and feel confused and almost kill myself. I now don't have much trust for them or anyone else. The world is full of lies. Everyone has on fake masks. Again I know I'm not crazy nor am I paranoid. This is my final conclusion. It's a one hundred percent fact for me. I tested it two days ago by sending vibes malice or hatred towards an individual and the individual responded how I thought the indivi
dual would giving me my confirmation on this. I have asked my close friends, family, psychiatrist and random people if they can hear my thoughts or feel my feelings/vibes and they have all denied it for the past 6 years. I’d like to ask for help from anyone who has the same experience as me. I cannot go on living like this. I have no privacy and have weird racing thoughts in public because I know people can hear my thoughts. This curse makes it hard for me to keep a steady job or keep a steady and sane mind in public. I worked as a server at a certain place where I was gang stalked, bullied and had no choice but to quit due to the stress. I feel as if I annoy the people around me so I think death is the best option for the sake of the people around me if I cannot control this curse. Don't waste your time replying if you are going to tell me this is not possible or tell me to seek a doctor. I have many times heard this and it is possible and medicine does not help. Reply or private message me. I can exchange 
emails and phone numbers too for faster conversations and replies."" Source: people can hear my thoughts, thought broadcasting | Mental Health Forum This individual is facing an extremely high number of meaningful coincidental events according to the narrative that is running in his mind, which is “people can hear my thoughts”. Therefore, these are synchronicities (external events, not imaginary) and these synchronicities keep occurring just to confirm his false belief. This is why this belief cannot be shaken by ordinary means. However, the people who contributed to the delusion by aiding evidence have no idea that they have aided evidence to support the delusion. This evidence could be a facial expression, a gesture or something that one said but this activity will always occur by correlating with the thoughts of the person who has the delusion. However, since people cannot read the minds of others, if the victim of this anomalous experience ask whether they could read his/her thoughts, they will deny. 
This creates further confusions in the victim’s mind."
175983753,"It definitely isn't at all, and thank you for reminding me to respond to the first commenter. I can tell you're a very kind person and I appreciate your presence. I try to remind myself of what you wrote everyday, but I constantly have people telling me the opposite. I feel wrong for everything I am because of how much people tell me that my needs aren't realistic. I know they are though, your message shows just how simple it can be to just be a kind and thoughtful and considerate person. No matter how much I know though I can't seem to ignore the voices of everyone who has told me I am wrong. I've never had confidence to begin with and the level of confidence I reached was because of the time and work I put in, but I haven't been able to tell who will treat me well and that has really derailed the path I was on. Im working my way back now but im so upset with everyone and myself for where I'm at in life again."
175983754,"Hello _PERSON_, Have you ever thought about life being seen shades of grey instead of black or white. There is no perfection. But we should strive for our own best. There are reasons for depression. Do you have unfinished bussiness from the past that has wounded you and wasn't dealt with properly? Have you learnt the habit of forgiveness? Is your brain functioning properly or do you need help with that by medication and counseling. Eating and exercising properly, getting out in nature, visiting with friends who are positive. Strengthening your spiritual life. Refuse to hate and hold grudges even if it takes you a whole day of prayer just to hand that person over to God and say I'm tired of the pain, I release this problem to you God I can't handle it. I refuse to take it back into my hands. I need you to give me the forgiveness to do this God. You may have to give it back to Him many times. It works for me."
175983755,_AT_MENTION_ Yeah very intense pencil work. So precise. The rocks and Tree roots.
175983756,I have the opportunity to volunteer with Compassion International next month. I'm excited. I sponsor 6 kiddos but this is something else I can do to help the organization. My Dad is going to volunteer with me because I wanted to go but I didn't want to go by myself. The town is like 2 hours away! I didn't want to drive there by myself and then be at the event 3 hours by myself so my Dad is coming. I'm excited. The bad thing is I'll have to miss Church that day.
175983757,"Crazy thunderstorm going on right now, had to shut my window, it was raining sideways into it"
175983758,"It sounds like you have progressed well with therapy. I wouldn't worry too much that you are having a little bit of a battle right now. I think it is normal to hit bumps in the road so to speak. Don't be hard on yourself. You can always talk to your therapist about this and see what they say. Don't feel like you are burdening them, that is what they are for. They might even have some good ideas for you to get moving forward again. I hope your day goes well... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983759,"Another day of olanzepine kicking in and saving me from dissociation. I was interested in that it's used as a ""Trip killer"" when people are having a bad trip. For me I have HPPD - So my bad trip.. Lasts forever.. in a way Anyway, I want to feel more depressed for a moment to feel more emotions and know what exactly to do - Instead of just.. Feeling everything out in terms of hobbies and interests. What is the use of depression? Does it have benefits? I felt way more relaxed when I was moderately-severely depressed. Now it's stepping into the insanity of the world where my brain is on fire. I want to be in a different place. I did a lot today - I did what I could.. But I feel like I'm in hell. I smoked weed and it really helped my mind to relax and focus.. It used to give me full blown panic attacks. I try to only limit to once a day but I've smoked three today.. Meh.. I'm dying of exhaustion. I quit phenibut for 2-3 days and doing good. I'm exhausted and stressed as hell I can't emphasize that en
ough. I'm gonna see about applying for that job soon (My mom was too busy to introduce me to the owner of the restaurant). These days, not many people have a stable job."
175983760,slept until 330.... slept through the alarm
175983761,So my appointment went well and all of my labs are good so far. It was far less stressful than I thought it would be. I even opted to have a COVID antibody test as apart of my blood work just to make sure I haven’t had it I am waiting for the results of my other labs
175983762,"I've also read that you can start a new medicine by taking only 1/2 of the pill. If some hours after taking the first 1/2 and everything is OK, you could consider taking the 2nd half. By taking only 1/2 of the pill, any bad side effects should be reduced. By the same token, by taking the first 1/2, in a few hours or more you might also start to see some of the benefits of pill which could encourage you to take the medicine."
175983763,Speaking of cool...we had a thread way back when about it called crazy cool news...._PERSON_ talked a few of us into doing it
175983764,"_PERSON_, I am so sorry. I have lost a loved one (my father when I was a teenager) but I know that I don't understand the level of grief that you are going through now. I said before in another of your posts that a parent should not have to live through surviving their child. It is just not the natural order of things...so I can't imagine how you are feeling right now. I hope that you can find a grief group (if it is your desire), so that you can talk to others sharing similar heartache. When you are ready, this might bring you some measure of comfort. We are here for you, and know that while we can't write anything that will lessen your grief...we are listening and we care about you. (((Hugging you from across the miles))) S.C."
175983765,"Awesome SlumberKitty! I LOVE Halloween, am literally obsessed with it. Can't wait for the other holidays too"
175983766,I'm sorry!!!!! Anything you wanna talk about or you just wanna chill? Either is fine! I'll be online for about another hour on this website if you do want to talk about anything that is bothering you.
175983767,Clemxiii I have the same problem like you j went to a neuro dr for eyes and he said it there is nothing wrong with my eyes or brain but j told him u guys are looking at a old scan with frustrates me cuz he's not trying and he said try these tint on my glasses called FL-41 and its a pink tint but idk I haven't tried it but I doubt it'll work all this started from me was the stupid antidepressants they gave me from when I had a panic attack last year I have a feeling those drugs messed me up in my brain idk tho what u think do u or had taken antidepressants??? 12345
175983768,"I told my mom after last nights panic attack that I'd like a desk in my room instead of sitting on my bed. She says that she could do that as soon as possible but my poor mom.. she tries so hard.. has to work. It's like _PERSON_ and her dad being over 65 and still working. My mom has to work even with cancer and her heart condition, tiredness, anxiety, insomnia, etc.. There's only so much that I have the energy to say on here. A lot of it is obsessions or something.. but I'm a great mind.. A friend just recently recommended me a YouTube channel like _NAME_ called ""Exurb1a"" if anyone wants to check it out. I haven't yet but the titles to those videos seem in tune with my mind.. Few people really understand me. Anyways.. Idk how much of this coronavirus thing we can take anymore."
175983769,_PERSON_ ft. _PERSON_ - Promiscuous
175983770,I get that I really do. I keep waiting for emails. I’m not really waiting for emails for anyone in particular but all this school stuff has me excited. I’ve been reading math books and stuff to refresh and get ahead and I’m just so anxiously waiting for it to start. I’m supposed to be working but I keep checking my email and my student profile for any changes or updates. Bah im going to drive myself insane I need to focus on work and distract myself. I absolutely hate waiting. I wish I had registered sooner then I could be starting this month instead.
175983771,If I hear a good song it can make me hypomanic. I'm very sensitive person.
175983772,Lol out and about today but protesters
175983773,"Yeah I get it, I just have 0 motivation. And that makes me worry about future career stuff, etc."
175983774,_PERSON_ Pepper
175983775,"While I consider myself extremely lucky to not have covid-19 or any of its symptoms, I have found myself having difficulty coping with the social aspects of life in a shutdown situation. This is made very difficult by the fact that I'm not always the smartest person in the room and overly nervous about getting others sick .whether its directly through me by not having immunity or indirectly by infection via myself and others being asymptomatic. Either way most of the time I am obsessively worried that I will get him sick or his clients, by way of asymptomatic infection. I am also finding it hard to feel good going outside or for drives. Even though I'm usually losing my mind from boredom, because I feel too uncomfortable to even go outside. Thats how I've been feeling lately, you can read my other posts if you youre interested in learning more, I'm open to discussion. Have a good day."
175983776,"Thanks, I'll look into that"
175983777,"Never seen anything worth responding to there, either on my open, less open, or a throwaway."
175983778,"It shouldn’t be affordable, it should be free!"
175983779,Iced Tea at the moment.
175983780,Not sure. Just suddenly started feeling bad then threw up.
175983781,"It's like fasting. ""Strong evidence suggests that metformin, through its protective effects and AMPK-activating properties, can help prevent cancer, cardiovascular disease, obesity and its consequences, and even neurodegenerative disorders."" ""There is overwhelming evidence that single gene mutations in nutrient-sensing pathways, such as insulin/insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling (_PERSON_, 2001) or the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathways, extend lifespan and health span in invertebrates."""
175983782,"I never thought editing would take this long. My editor did a great job with the story part. When it came to dialogue it he aid he had less to _USER_ID_ because it flowed better. This is going to take me hours to complete, because it takes a few clicks for every single _USER_ID_."
175983783,I KNOW I gained. I’m trying to lose the 5 pounds
175983784,drinking coke
175983785,I have days where my anxiety is less. It seems to comes in waves of feeling ok and then anxiety or panic hit. I’m also on Mirtazapine. My doctor prescribed it first and it worked well for a couple of months. When anxiety came back she added lexapro in May instead of increasing Mirtazapine. Thank you for your reply. I’m headed to the doctor tomorrow
175983786,"I just had a bacon cheeseburger, onion rings, and a coke."
175983787,Pumpkin seeds
175983788,Welcome . I am grateful that you have shared a little bit about yourself. It helps me know that we are not alone in our struggles.
175983789,good luck for all of you ou there .
175983790,I cannot settle down....drove out to bfs like an hour and I never drive....trying to chill.....
175983791,I read different websites for magazine submissions for poetry etc. I came 'round to book publishing and publishers. The biggest publishing list is from writers market. But you have to pay for it. So back to square one. I will just publish my poems on amazon.
174379953,"I'm giving up for now. I tried online chat. The agent said she was having technical issues. I can't find help on the site. I'm getting a page 404 not found. They have some serious problems. I would think it's a scam site but it's ""my state"".gov. And I did get a legitimate call from them. I redid my budget so I will just try to adjust. I'm fed up with this. It's just not meant to be."
175983792,Love the drawing _AT_MENTION_
175983793,"I also struggle with coffee. I love it but every now and then it gives me bad anxiety. I don't know how to do moderation, I drink it a lot (only one cup today but in general it's usually like 7-8 cups). I want the boost it gives me. Maybe I should just focus on drinking 1 or 2 really strong cups of good quality coffee a day instead of drinking it all day."
175983794,"Thanks yeah I'll do that. I hate how these kind of things seem to always happen on weekends when there's no way to get in touch with pdoc, lol But Monday's not too far away. Hopefully I don't like drop dead or anything"
175983795,"Thank you for your support, as always a big relief, yes so I have started on exercises to overcome it and remember that are just thoughts, today I heard of an exercise that caught my attention, not sure if you have heard it where at the end of the day I write or colored the percentage of my negative thoughts ...then I would realize out of the 60000 thoughts of the day how bad it is, the following day I will practice positive thoughts and do the same thing ...I will do it tonight and yes I actually have therapy today. I will let you know guys"
175983796,"Heart.org says heart attack symptoms for women are: ""If you have any of these signs, call 9-1-1 and get to a hospital right away. ""Uncomfortable pressure, squeezing, fullness or pain in the center of your chest. It lasts more than a few minutes, or goes away and comes back. ""Pain or discomfort in one or both arms, the back, neck, jaw or stomach. ""Shortness of breath with or without chest discomfort. ""Other signs such as breaking out in a cold sweat, nausea or lightheadedness. ""As with men, women’s most common heart attack symptom is chest pain or discomfort. But women are somewhat more likely than men to experience some of the other common symptoms, particularly shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting and back or jaw pain."""
175983797,"I get into work to make the doughnuts and everything else at 9pm. The store closes at 10pm. I get the stuff mixing in the machine and go to clean out the doughnuts and get the trays into the dishwasher. 9:55pm, a guy asks, ""are you putting fresh doughnuts in there?"" Yes, _NAME_, we always put fresh doughnuts out five minutes before we close."
175983798,I think it’s actually good you got some sleep. I’ve been kinda exhausted today because I didn’t sleep well the night before...it always hits me the day after.
175983799,I have a work appointment at one today. Not really sure what to expect. Kind of nervous about it. It's like an outside contractor coming to make recommendations.
174379968,I'm okay. I made it through yesterday's panic attack without a klonopin but had to take one today because it was escalating to being paranoid about there being some unknown object lodged in my throat since my throat felt tight and like it was closing. I'm hoping these panic attacks stop. I usually get a week of really bad ones right after whenever my abilify is increased Thank you
175983800,Morning Instead of coffee I'm drinking soda for the caffeine.
175983801,"I’m doing strawberry shortcake this week, good to know."
175983802,"_NAME_, I am not the smartest person in the world so forgive me for not understanding your last message. If you are saying be positive in everything you do I totally agree. When I get mad at my in law it only hurts me and he is oblivious to everything. I am interested in doing the right thing no matter what. Even though he drives us both crazy in the end we are tasked with helping him through his final years. He has lost his son and lost his wife. He is such a demanding person no other relatives would take him in. Lastly because of my faith I know I should show mercy and just carry on. While I don't like what is going on I will honor my wife and help her deal with her father. I love my wife so her problems are my problems. Because of my health issues I don't always think clearly and become anxious at the drop of a hat. This makes my day miserable. My wife and I now just jump in the car and grab a bite of food or go shopping when things get to crazy. This thread has helped me immensely and I appreci
ate the help. Life is just to short to stay mad no matter the reason. If I can let go of the past my life would be less anxious. I have my annual physical next week and will address my anxiety and maybe switch my anxiety meds to something which will keep me calm. I used to take valium which worked great but pain management said no as they were afraid with my pain meds I would OD. Shame because valium works so well. Thanks everyone for listening."
175983803,Yeah so that’s 2 cups of coffee.....
175983804,Also I feel like the Klonopin enabled me to work somewhat at least. I am not complaining but I think that the Klonopin helps me. I don't see why others are vehemently against benzos sometimes.
175983805,"My sword is coming on Tuesday, but my shield is supposed to come Friday, even though my sword already shipped...? I have a feeling I'll be playing it all night and might not sleep much. lol."
175983806,"I'm not seeing my doctor anymore for mental health reasons - Just for refills. He puts me down. He's not qualified for mental health treatment anyways. I'll see my psychiatrist for med changes. My sister brought a book into my room when I was in the hospital and my doctor looked at it and said ""Things like this is what I'm talking about - You shouldn't read this"" (It was ""An unquiet mind""). I just wanted to GET INTO reading. At work, I keep thinking about the past. It haunts me. Then I come home from work and feel like I'm worthless. I'll try and see my therapist again."
175983807,"HT, I love that post. Yer a magician with hammer and nail. These are things I too have discovered once I stopped my BP meds. I found my mind stifled by the meds but even the resultant mania has been cause for celebration. Takes a bit to learn control but once ya do - wow...it's me again! Thanks for this post. _NAME_"
175983808,"Yes, my head swims in anxiety. I actually do feel dizzy, especially when I hear the news. I am wondering if I may be nearing a stroke (age 69) whenever I tune in to the news. I am angry at the administration and the poor handling of this pandemic."
175983809,Yeah... if you're not struggling you're not living
175983810,"This week has been a 9 (Scale 1:10). My thinking has shifted to long-haul in regard to the Coronavirus. I am hopeful with reasonable expectations. I read that prisoners of war who retained hope, but did not expect a specific endpoint to their suffering fared best."
175983811,"Autumn rain sounds ??? AUTUMN RAIN ON WINDOW AMBIENCE: Woodwick Candle, Rain, Scribbles, Tea Pouring, Creaking - YouTube"
175983812,"I called my pdocs office and got an appointment for 9am, which is about an hour and 20 minutes from now."
175983813,"Intuition is one of the most mysterious things about our humanity. Artists use their intuition every time they create because in one sense of the word it's emotional and wise in a prophetic, divine way. In another sense, there is rational intuition like our knowledge of time and space. We can't see time or space, but we just are certain that it exists. We know it not empirically, looking outwards with our peepers, but rationally, with our mind in an automatic sense as if its prewired into our thought to assume this is the case."
175983814,It’s starting to rain and I’m so happy. I love rain. _NAME_ make some tea probably. I always do when it rains. If it rains long enough!
175983815,"I used to love to read. Now it is hard for me to read. Ever since I have been on an AP. I don't know if it is anhedonia or a side effect of the medication or what. I still read, just not as much. And most of my reading is made up of reading the Bible for various Bible studies I am in/or am completing. I need to try reading a book again for fun but it's so hard. I did recently read a book called In the Middle of the Mess or something like that, in two days so I know that I can do it, but I tried again with another book by the same author and didn't have the same success. I'm still working my way through it. Now and again."
175983816,"Hey there, I'm new here so I only just now saw this post. Are you still feeling this way? Message me anytime and I'd be glad to help, offer support, be there to listen, I care!"
175983817,"Just a quick hello! I have been an on and off active member of PsychCentral for years. It's good to see this forum get some use because in the past it was pretty slow. I have a delusional disorder of some kind--currently my diagnosis is PTSD with psychosis. I've really been struggling with delusional intrusions again so need to get back to posting here. I read some _NAME_ articles yesterday (He is schizophrenic) which really helped me articulate to myself what I've been experiencing. Anyway, hugs to everyone here. Hang in there--I am."
175983818,Really depressed. Want to self harm. Not as psychotic tho.
175983819,"I haven't been taking very good care of myself lately. I've been showering once a week, and some days I forget to brush my teeth. _PERSON_, I know. I keep worrying that my teeth are all going to fll out."
175983820,"I don’t get into arguments unless I feel attacked. And I don’t like people who intentionally disturb the harmony, I see this usually in a group setting. I’m the one who feels tired when two or more people arguing around me. I don’t want to cause harm to anyone either. But sometimes I have to argue to defend myself, especially when people start telling me what to do with things that are personal to me. I value my freedom above anything, doesn’t mean that I would use it without responsibility."
175983821,"I am going to give you advice that I myself hate to hear but know to be true. Happiness cannot hinge upon a certain person. That being said I know all too well how it feels to have someone in your life who has become your savior for lack of a better word. May I ask if your self harm is just that, harm or are you attempting to end things all together? I’ve recently started the same behavior again and I know how it can feel as if it’s the only way you can stop the pain and even that at times it truly seems to work."
175983822,_PERSON_ Wild Child
175983823,I still don't know who she is. Popular culture irks and confounds me. https://imgur.com/GAeEMUK I wish more people would embed their videos. You don't have to watch the ads.
175983824,Sure newtus!
175983825,I swear...did they know you have a MI like somewhere in your records? Inferior care....
175983826,"Hey _NAME_! I actually found a bipolar screening today that Mental Health of America has. It’s definitely not a diagnosis, but it might put you at ease or give you a hint that you might want to talk to your doctor/psychiatrist about it. Here’s the link: https://screening.mhanational.org/screening-tools/bipolar"
175983827,I used to walk obsessively when I was on Vraylar. That med activated me a ton and made me never want to stop moving. But even then I was only getting 12K steps a day or so.
175983828,Mine is Nordic naturals. I Get it off amazon.
175983829,"Switched my pharmacy from CVS to Kroger because of my Vraylar troubles, filled my klonopin script there. Had some troubles with the insurance at first but it all got figured out."
175983830,"Some people say TikTok has a bunch of privacy issues and it steals data from your phone with a lot of information, even more than Facebook. So idk."
175983831,I feel conflicted. I joined an online therapy site and paid for it. Now I'm thinking about firing my current therapist. It seems so stupid. But these are the dialogues I have in my head.
175983832,Yes and yogi’s kava tea is enough as it is. Especially with meds.
175983833,"I don't lie often at all. I find more freedom in embracing my truths and not having the burden to hide anything. But I have a large tolerance for people disliking or making fun of me and that makes it easy for me. Heck, sometimes I even like when people dislike me or make fun of some parts of me. I also do tend to be a bit childish as well. I do have to admit sometimes I have been too naive in the past and could have been hurt from it, but I like being open with my own self. I want to be open in hopes others feel comfort in opening to me as well or I can meet others like me. I will not start lying, I'm bad at it anyways and I prefer to live truthfully and potentially embarrassingly."
175983834,7:30am and I have brownies in the oven lol
175983835,"I may be wrong, but the way I see it there are two types of panic attacks. One, people call an anxiety attack, and the other, people call a panic attack. Sometimes people are referring to an anxiety attack when they say panic attack, and sometimes they really did have a panic attack. (keep in mind, I don't know how much of this is actually true. This is just my own experience) I have experienced both. In my first panic attack [yes, it was a panic attack not an anxiety attack] I was reading a book in my room, and it fairly sprang upon me and the next moment I thought I was going to die, or I was going insane. I jumped out of bed and ran through the house as if looking for something that I didn't know I was looking for and then I just curled up in a corner of the house and cried until it stopped. Another time, however, I was very nervous about several upcoming tests at my school. I was studying and I felt strange for a moment and then my heart started beating faster and faster. I started feeling most 
of the physical symptoms that some people have, like a chest that hurts or nausea, and realized I was having an anxiety attack. I did not feel that I was going to die or go insane, but I did feel overly scared for the moment and was experiencing a ""spike,"" so to speak, in my anxiety. This is the way I like to think of it. I don't entirely understand your question. Half of saying all this was just so I myself could tell someone about it. I hope I have answered your question at all. Idk. ok. I'm actually panicking about telling someone now, I don't know if I should post this. ok. bye."
175983836,"Thanks everyone for your support. Things are still very difficult for us but I am trying some of the things that were mentioned here. The last few weeks has been alright. This morning she took $450 of our rent money. She said she was just counting it, but made a big deal about giving it back. The whole episode made her self harm, and now she won't talk to me. I tried talking to her about what it was that made her upset, and she blocked me. I really wanted to have joint finances with her when we got married, but increasingly I'm feeling like that's not possible. I am the only one who brings in money, and we aren't able to pay our bills on time due to weekly overspending. Post Edited (logicallunacy) : 8/6/2019 4:54:50 PM (GMT-6)"
175983837,I feel weird
175983838,"Yeah, a bunch of them have died. It's dangerous to be obese. I have no clue how I'll lose weight ever again. I've never been this heavy before."
175983839,"I only tell how people are straight to their face. I'm getting better at this since my ex step dad left. From the start, I should have been like ""**** you, you're not my real dad. I hate you you stupid son of a *****! **** youuuuuuuuuuuu"". I regret not doing it so I will make sure to do it to everyone that I have a problem with. But no one here has a problem with you. I think they have a problem with tweaky for smoking 3.5g of **** a day yet complaining about psychosis. Disclaimer: Jk I don't do ****. **** does you."
175983840,"Hi _AT_MENTION_ welcome to the conversation. I have Schizoaffective disorder depressed type, generalized anxiety disorder, and ADHD. I've never heard of _NAME_. But I am glad he was helpful for you. _PERSON_"
175983841,These 6 idyllic places are being destroyed by tourism
175983842,Oh and today I bought two Starbucks drinks and Breakfast at McDonald's for me and Dad
175983843,Just did some exercise earlier.
175983844,That's like me. Every time. Except sometimes I don't put it back. Good on you for putting it back and not buying it. _PERSON_
175983845,Tech N9ne - Promiseland
175983846,"Try to relax, like _PERSON_ said, you wont remember. You will not feel pain while under anesthesia. I have been under a few times too and it happens so fast. I have never vomited, I am sure you will be okay. When are you having surgery? What is the procedure? I know you have mentioned but I forget. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983847,I kind of want to start doing my makeup again. I haven’t in several years. I don’t even have any anymore. But I think that’s a good sign that I’m doing well mentally because the past couple years I really didn’t give a damn what I looked like. Usually for me putting makeup on means I feel good. Maybe I’ll start buying some over the next couple of months. Not like I’ll have anywhere to go lol but it would still feel nice to do once in awhile
175983848,"They love to go on adventures, little stinkers."
175983849,"Thank you honey, I will try"
175983850,"Glad you got some good sleep and that the trilafon is working, I'm on it too, it's a great med"
175983851,"You tube- ""the anxiety guy"". Ill check it out."
175983852,Can’t you do FaceTime on your computer?
175983853,"I've been having trouble focusing for quite a while now. I've had some good days where I've felt normal and have been able to focus, but it's been really hard most days since my mood started shifting around. Especially since the last couple weeks where the doctor says I sound manic. I've felt really restless and unable to focus on things for a long time."
175983854,I started walking too. And taking the dog with me. _USER_ID_ cant go anywhere till she gets her shots or she could get parvo.
175983855,"If I may respond to this, I think you'll be able to work again. I have been working on my mental health a lot lately. Such that I haven't been able to work as much. But now I am getting back into the game. It was really hard for me like the past three months being without a job and extremely depressed. I won't lie. Now I am getting some work so I guess the work on my mental health has paid off (no pun intended). Anyway, I mean, I don't do much work (the maximum I work per week is like 6 hours), but at least it's something."
175983856,Would be kind of a problem if you did not.
175983857,"This past week was fine for me. And this coming week should be as well. After this week, I may have to go to Rhode Island. I'll have to play it by ear considering the virus and all."
175983858,"Yes, I didn't want to, but I knew I needed to, so I took one. I washed my hair and everything. It feels kind of weird though because I didn't blow dry it right away so it's not as smooth as usual."
175983859,"I'm looking at the other chemicals in coffee before I go to work in 15 minnutes. I noticed that coffee improves my cognition (I just drank one this morning). It says caffeine doesn't improve cognition but coffee does. There's a chemical in coffee called ""pyroglutamate"". ""There are more than 1,000 chemical compounds in coffee"". ""It’s been shown to enhance brain function, increase metabolic rate, and improve exercise performance (1, 2Trusted Source, 3Trusted Source). A regular intake of coffee has also been linked to a lower risk of dementia, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and type 2 diabetes"". Later I'll look up the metabolites of Vyvanse (There's a lot). I wonder if some build up in the system such as ""4-hydroxyamphetamine, 4-hydroxynorephedrine, 4-hydroxyphenylacetone, benzoic acid, hippuric acid, norephedrine, and phenylacetone"". In fact I'll look up all of the metabolites of my meds. Ok off to work.. Hope everyone has a good day =]"
175983860,"Wow, SP, wonderful paintings and pix. I love the caterpillar one!"
175983861,One of my cats is usually mean but she was being all lovey dovey with me. I guess you just gotta catch her at 3am
175983862,"_PERSON_, For specifics about envirnonmental/temperature specifics for your Rx...you may want to post in The Crohn's, or UC forums as they would have members the most likely to be familiar with the med. S.C."
175983863,Oh my goodness! I forgot about cinco de mayo! Happy Cinco de Mayo to all who celebrate this holiday!
175983864,Cheesy bacon potato sticks
175983865,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about _NAME_. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&query=_NAME_-E&sec=... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire
"
175983866,"Right away. If it does not work, try a proton pump inhibitor. They work great."
175983867,"Hi _NAME_, no it's a national thing. REAL ID | Homeland Security After October 1st if you don't have a Real ID you won't be able to fly, even domestically, unless you have a passport. You need one or the other. So since it is time to renew my license, I thought I could just upgrade. So that means going to the DMV! The Hell of all Hells tomorrow. Wish me luck! _PERSON_"
174380052,"Abilify, Paxil, Wellbutrin, Trileptal, Thorazine. klonopin as needed"
175983868,"If you're not feeling well, you should probably rest a bit. You and Newtus are the busiest people I know."
175983869,"Good morning. Listening to music w/ a cup of coffee. Up next is shower, meditate, clean."
175983870,Thank you Scaredy how are you so sure it’s nothing??? I am worried sick..I didn’t sleep the whole night and I have two little kids I don’t know how I am going to make it through the weekend.. also I’m deactivating my fbook it seems it’s all filled with bc stories....I’m have my period now it’s so darn heavy and I feel like I’m going to die
175983871,"Eh, fine. I basically have no pdoc now except the IOP pdoc. Which is fine. Also means I am gonna have to find a new one after the conclusion of the IOP I think."
174380060,I am doing well. I feel excited about a couple of projects I'm working on. Today will be mainly relaxation. I plan to read some motivational books. I might order something nice to eat. I deserve a treat. I want a burger in a lettuce wrap. We'll see how the day goes. Hope everyone is well!
175983872,Feeling pretty amazing today. I also notice I'm sleeping better when I don't set the alarm on my phone. Whenever my alarm used to go off in the mornings I'd turn it off and go back to sleep or ignore it entirely. Now without an alarm the past few days I've been getting up at naturally at around 9:30am which is a reasonable time considering before I had been sleeping till like 12pm or 1pm.
175983873,Can you tell the police? Like anonymously?
175983874,"Went to the zoo today with the bf, had a nice time."
175983875,"So lonely today My mom came over. Barely talked. And left. And I feel like an outcast, freak show..."
175983876,"I have a lot of issues....ocd, anxiety, ptsd, depression plus an autoimmune disease that has a less than favorable prognosis. I am currently taking 0.5 mg of Ativan daily and it does seem to do the trick as far as quieting my mind down, I am 63 and though I know the risks of dependence, tolerance, etc., I am planning on continuing it for the remainder of my life. Has anyone taken this long term? I look at it that it’s quality of life that matters at this point. Thanks."
175983877,I'm not feeling so happy today. At all. And fiance snipping at me kinda made it worse.
175983878,"That's a hard question to answer but I think I am because I'm much better than I was before. Before, I never listened to lyrics in music or paid attention to them, I slept all day and night, I lived in the middle of no where and even still, - I was isolating myself because I had avoidant personality disorder or something, I was paranoid, not involved with anything.. But at least now I'm trying. And that's the first step - Is wanting to find a passion and such things. My mind is open to experience.. A little bit.. I'm still a scared introvert non-social conformist."
175983879,"Can you describe them, not totally sure I know what they are."
175983880,It is quiet. No one is anywhere to be found. Kinda lonely feeling.
175983881,Hey gaiiii’s
175983882,"Hi _PERSON_, I see you posted in fibromyalgia too. Both posts are almost exactly the same advocating CBD and CBG. I hope you know what you are talking about when you say that people are tapering off their meds and going on CBD. I would hate for somebody to actually do this. Especially with chemical imbalance of the brain. And I am hoping you are not trying to sell these items here using the forum to advertise. Please tell me you don't have a vested interest in these items. I agree CBD is good for a lot of things, but don't be suggesting people go off their meds and try it."
175983883,Thought I’d share this. Saw this on Instagram. I think I’m gonna attend it.
175983884,going to my moms house for a few days. my apartment is getting inspected and I dont want them to see me for the mess I am so I'll just be somewhere else
175983885,"Yet I never notice what colour or what type of clothes people are wearing, hair style or colour, etc Social deficit real"
175983886,"I know, maybe it's just the contrarian in me, but I feel like I don't need it. I feel like partially my parents' opposition that I do it is playing into it as well. I know it would likely help me feel better."
175983887,I'm nervous for my nephew to go to El _NAME_. Even if it wasn't a pandemic. But he is excited to go. So I am crossing fingers for him that he doesn't get sick and has a great time.
175983888,I was hearing voices like a tv earlier but ther wasn’t one on...
175983889,"Um thank you? I think... Attached Images 1CB4E610-192E-40ED-B498-5229B52A4526.jpeg (200.3 KB, 6 views)"
175983890,"I will let you all know if it does snow. I don't think it will stick if it does. But we'll see. The last few years it has been so cold and wet on Halloween, I feel bad for the little kids. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983891,I feel less tired now that I've quit smoking cigarettes. _USER_ID_: No I may still be tired as hell
175983892,I put my cat down this morning. I buried her and planted a flower there. My roommate was talking about getting a stone with an engraving.
175983893,"It's the name of the apartments. Americans should be, by default, cultured, but we are the most uncultured people in the world. Especially in the south. We live in large Hispanic population by living in texas. I took it as an insult from her. Ain't no one saying the correct pronunciation anyway, so let me say it the way I want. Not mad at you, but her."
175983894,"I'm recently diagnosed and unsure too. I am mostly indifferent to relationships, I have a partner, and am happy to just have one on one time with him, but also crave time alone, and will come up with all number of strategies to achieve this. I have also managed to avoid lots of social activities I was forced into when younger by moving interstate and being very busy with a lot of projects, so I actually feel what I have done is create a life where I can slip out of contact to get maximum alone time without being questioned or pressured too much which is great. But .. I definitely feel joy for the projects I take on, like renovation and art, etc. Also when I do realize I am alone, and the gate is shut, I do feel hugely happy at the relief, and feel like I can finally think, and just be and that's definitely happiness, so they idea that there is flat emotion doesn't really fit for me .. so yeah, unsure."
175983895,Yes!!!!!!
175983896,Jeez why would he want to find that kind of law?? Wearing mask is for your safety.
175983897,"Popular Monster Falling In Reverse Yeah I wake up every morning with my head up in a daze I'm not sure if I should say this, ****, I'll say it anyway Everybody tries to tell me that I'm going through a phase I don't know if it's a phase, I just wanna feel okay, yeah I battle with depression, but the question still remains Is this post-traumatic stressin' or am I suppressing rage? And my doctor tries to tell me that I'm going through a phase Yeah, it's not a ****ing phase, I just wanna feel okay, okay Yeah, I struggle with this ******** everyday And it's probably 'cause my demons simultaneously rage It obliterates me, disintegrates me, annihilates me 'Cause I'm about to break down, searching for a way out I'm a liar, I'm a cheater, I'm a non-believer I'm a popular, popular monster I break down, falling into love now with falling apart I'm a popular, popular monster I think I'm going nowhere like a rat trapped in a maze Every wall that I knock down is just a wall that I replace I'm in a race against 
myself I try to keep a steady pace How the **** will I escape if I never close my case? Oh my God, I keep on stressin', every second that I waste Is another second sooner to a blessing I won't take But my therapist will tell me that I'm going through a stage Yeah, it's not a ****ing stage, I just wanna feel okay, okay Mother****er, now you got my attention I need to change a couple things 'cause something is missin' And what if I were to lie, tell you everything is fine? Every single ****ing day I get closer to the grave I am terrified, I fell asleep at the wheel again Crashed my car just to feel again It obliterates me, disintegrates me, annihilates me 'Cause I'm about to break down, searching for a way out I'm a liar, I'm a cheater, I'm a non-believer I'm a popular, popular monster I break down, falling into love now with falling apart I'm a popular, popular ****ing monster Yeah, here we go again, mother****er, oh We're sick and tired of wondering Praying to a God that you don't believe We're searching for 
the truth in the lost and found So the question I ask is, oh, where the **** is your god now? 'Cause I'm about to break down, searching for a way out I'm a liar, I'm a cheater, I'm a non-believer I'm a popular, popular monster I break down, falling into love now with falling apart I'm a popular, popular monster I'm a liar, I'm a cheater, I'm a non-believer I'm a popular, popular monster"
175983898,"How many weeks is the term? I liked some classes online, and I preferred others in class. Some of the ones I ended up liking the most were the ones I would go to every other Saturday for 8 hours (plus breaks) because immersing myself in the material for 8 hours was super interesting. Hope it goes well for you! You can do it!!!!"
175983899,"The wonderful _NAME_ who works as a mental health nurse and has bipolar disorder herself agreed to answer some questions for me on what it’s like to work in the mental health profession while struggling with mental illness. She is a powerfully strong mental health advocate and a lovely person, I appreciate her input a great deal. What is your own mental health diagnosis? “I have bipolar disorder and anorexia.” How long have you been a mental health nurse? “As a qualified nurse, two years, but I have worked in mental health for ten years now.” Was the motivation to go into that profession based on your own experiences with mental illness? “Yes, I had an amazing nurse when I was in the hospital and she is now my manager!” Do you find that your job impacts your own mental health, making it worse or better? “It depends really. Working for me is definitely good for my mental health; it gives me a focus and sense of purpose, as well as a routine. However, if things are really stressful th
en it will impact my wellbeing, though I think the same could be said for most of us.” https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2019/08/being-on-both-sides-of-the-line-an-interview-with-a-mental-health-nurse-with-bipolar/"
175983900,I don’t think I’m gonna be on here for awhile. Idk. Maybe idk. I just am going through a lot and I don’t have anyone to talk to that I can relate to at this point in my life about my life issues. I can’t afford therapy but once a month but I know it’s not enough. I’m kinda stuck in my head right now with everything and idk how to get out. My life hasn’t been the same at all since I lost my job and idk where to go from here. I don’t write anymore or do much of anything but sleep and maybe play video games. I’m not interested in life anymore and I could almost not care less about life. I don’t have any support for what I would like to do in life except for this writing stuff and i don’t see it going anywhere.
175983901,Added it to my list of games to get
175983902,"Hi, I’m glad you found this community. I’m sorry for the loss of your friend and that others have not stuck around. I can’t imagine how hard what you’re going through is... I struggle with depression too, so I know what that’s like, at least to a degree. I still hesitate to give advice because I don’t know what you’ve tried already. Maybe there’s not a lot we can do to meet people right now with the pandemic going on, but I do wonder if talking to someone on one of the warmlines MHA suggests would help you. I think on a lot of them you can talk about whatever you need to for up to an hour at a time. Here is a link: https://screening.mhanational.org/content/need-talk-someone-warmlines I genuinely am wishing you the best. Please feel free to tell us more about yourself and keep us updated."
175983903,Showered today. Washed/dried/straightened/styled hair. Put on perfume.
175983904,"Princess I admire you saying that you plan to stay positive...'FOR YOUR OWN SAKE"" ! That is a stellar point! Once we realize that a positive attitude is great...FOR OUR OWN SAKE""...we have it made! Taking care of self is so important!"
175983905,"Hello everyone, I am new here, I hope everyone is well I have been with my wife for 6 years, married 2. She was diagnosed with bipolar when we were dating. She has recently turned to self harming as a coping mechanism for her severe depression (bipolar type 2, medication resistant). Cutting, beating head on wall, punching herself, slapping herself, pills, etc. She feels suicidal all the time (some times more than others). I am not sure how to handle her self harming behavior. I have tried hiding sharp objects around her (knives, razors), but she is determined to harm herself, so she will find whatever she can - matches, lighters, steak knives, tylenol, alcohol, anything. She will sometimes have severe mood swings so badly that we will be talking and then she just slams her head into the wall without warning. I have tried to stop her from doing this - grabbing her hands, holding her down, but she ends up taking her anger out on me by beating me. The other day she beat me up so badly because of this 
that I still have bruises and cuts. She has always had a tendency to beat me occasionally but never as badly as it has been the past year, and almost always because I'm trying to stop her from self harming. I am at a total loss. As a spouse, should I just let her self harm? I talked to counselors and they have said that I need to look out for my safety first and foremost, but that means not intervening when she grabs a steak knife and starts cutting. I am very concerned because when she has mood swings, she has no self control when it comes to self harming. She calls me all the time and says she snorted some pills to cope or that she cut too deeply and the bleeding won't stop. I had to wrestle a meat cleaver out of her hands because she put it to her throat. What do you guys think, should I continue trying to stop her from self harming, or is there nothing I can do? I threatened to call the police the next time she strikes me, but the police is one of her triggers, and I'm afraid of the consequences of that. 
I have tried just leaving the situation (going to the next room, leaving the house) but she has separation anxiety and even THAT makes it worse. Post Edited (logicallunacy) : 6/21/2019 5:53:14 AM (GMT-6)"
175983906,"I'm so sorry, unsure. It can be so scary when a parent needs medical help. I hope it is just a migraine."
175983907,This chunky yarn: Amazon.com
175983908,"Bought a slice of pizza from the pizza place down the road. I also used an ATM successfully. It's been years since I've used one and I forgot how they work, it was a little confusing but I eventually got it."
175983909,"When I have a panic attack it can go from 0 to 100 real quick. I feel weird before it. Like u said. Then I feel it coming on and I put 2 fingers to my neck to check my pulse and heart rate. And to make sure my heart hasn't stopped. Time goes slow when I have a panic attack. So when I check my pulse on my neck, it feels like my heart didnt beat for 5 seconds. When it actually did. I start praying compulsively to God to not let me die. ""Not today, god, please, I beg of you"", i say. I start to cry very hard. So hard I get a headache. And then the inner pain and mental pain is so high at that point, that I start screaming at the top of my lungs as I cry. I scream for God more and more. I kick and scream. And then ball up. And then I just start to relax and I may fall asleep because I've exhausted myself from all of that. I've never been open about that before because it is very embarrassing to me."
175983910,"I see my therapist at 1pm, having a family session with my grandparents, and then having individual time. Plus I go to see the thyroid doc, finally. busy day."
175983911,"It's none of their business, actually. If you don't want to tell them then that's your choice and they should respect that. I don't permit people to talk when I'm talking. It's rude to interrupt people. They should know better. No one has the right to harass you, **** that noise. If someone told me that they're in a low mood I'd say something like, ""if you need anything let me know"" and I'd leave it at that. People are so intrusive, I don't understand it."
175983912,"Went to the grocery this morning also bought a swiffer , I know it’s more expensive than a dust mop but the dust mop is always full of hair and dust. I think they are made to launder but I’ve gotta pay for that too so if it gets me cleaning, swiffer it is."
175983913,Morning. Only slept for 15 minutes last night. Woke up due to restless legs.
175983914,"Yes I took my meds and my daily multivitamins. I need to get some more vitamin C tablets though, I'll probably do that next month when I shop again"
175983915,"I think it might be stress because of the upcoming interview, driving the bf to colonoscopy and uncertainty about my last assignment....plus bf was asking a million stupid questions today when I just wanted to be quiet."
175983916,Well that kills my hopes of ever stopping the injection
175983917,"Jesus, why? This seems neurotic. I know when I'm a bitch and I try to be better next time. I'm not going to run down a lengthy list that breaks down all the ways I could potentially be hurtful to someone. That's asking for a bad day. Also, it doesn't seem to have any constructive purpose."
175983918,"I feel better. Had a shower, did chores and such. My mom cooked steak wrapped in bacon. I feel somewhat content. Not sure what to do though. Maybe I'll read for an hour. I might go skiing tomorrow =]"
175983919,"My neighbor messaged me asking me if I wanted a candle. I said yes. She said ""10 dollars"". Um. No."
175983920,"Not much happening today, just had dinner. I haven't hallucinated in a while and I'm wondering when it comes back and how to be prepared. Maybe it's time for a hospitalization again, or to find a pdoc to get on meds."
175983921,"Just a consultation. Give me guidance, update diagnosis, give recs to the family doc. Family doc is my number one go to though really. But interesting you think I show traits of Aspergers. No one has really suggested it before. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175983922,Dizzy and feel like I'm gonna throw up. I hate adjusting to med changes.
175983923,"My doctor asked me how I am and I said I'm ""Ok"". He mentioned exercise etc and I said that I'm taking a 10 day break on the island with my mom and sister for something to look forward to. I didn't feel like talking much. He prescribed the 10mg IR and refilled my meds so I just have to wait for the pharmacists to refill them."
175983924,"I had a telehealth appointment yesterday with the Care Coordinator (I'll call her CC for short since that's a long term). It's the second time I talked to her on the phone. She's okay. She's nice. She's a little pushy maybe. IDK. She went over all my medications. She asked me when I was seeing each of my providers. She asked me for my Regular T's phone number because she couldn't find it online--but she just moved so it might not be anywhere online yet. I think she has found my Pdoc. I don't know if she has spoken to him but I think she might have, or is going to. And I think she is going to talk to my PCP. She didn't say anything about Pastor _PERSON_ and she didn't ask for his phone number so I don't think she is going to talk to him. _PERSON_ talked to me a lot about SH. We didn't discuss it in the first call. I'm kind of sensitive to the way people say stuff. She asked, ""Have you had thoughts of suicide or harming yourself today?"" I could have said no, but since I have been thinking about SH 
(actually I'm kind of planning on doing it this weekend--it's sort of how I am getting through the week) I said yes. So we had a long talk about SH and all of that. She wants to help me set up goals and meet those goals. So she set up 3 goals for me before we talk again in two weeks. 1) Find out about some local gyms in the area so I can get some exercise and lose some weight. 2) Get an emergency plan for SH, like an actual action plan. I have one for Sui but not one for SH. _PERSON_ said to talk to my T about it and get one set up. I tried to tell her like, I can't imagine calling one of my friends and being like I want to cut. Like what is that person supposed to say back to me? I think it's weird. (I don't think SH is weird--I think talking to someone else about it is weirdlike it is putting a lot on that person.) So I'm not really sure about how to do that. And then the 3rd goal she gave me was to not SH until she talks to me again in two weeks. I was pretty reluctant about that since I was kind of planni
ng on doing that this weekend. So I was like, what happens if I fail? And she's like, we are all people, we just get up and keep trying. So I'm like okay. IDK. Maybe seeing Regular T on Saturday will change something, or maybe I can use my talk with CC to not SH this weekend. We'll see. I hope she's helpful. She doesn't seem to get how I can work full time and have higher education, but yet I struggle with hallucinations and self harm and depression and anxiety. She doesn't seem to get how I can work full time but I am not capable of living by myself at this time. And I don't know how to explain the disconnect. CC seems nice though. I guess. She seems pretty pleasant. It's probably her job to be nice. She asked me if I have self confidence and I was like, probably not. I wish something would help. Regular T. Pdoc. Medication. Pastor _PERSON_. something. Sheesh. HUGS to anyone who wants one, _PERSON_"
175983925,It sounds like depression. Have you sought help? It may be time to if you are wishing that you could just go to sleep and never wake up. A good place to start is your PCP.
175983926,Maybe... our pdoc gave us prn Seroquel for when it gets bad. She only gives us a little bit at a time. It's pretty much just for the last week.
175983927,"I like the Chilling Adventures of _NAME_. It's cool especially if you watched _NAME_, the Teenage Witch."
175983928,"My little sister, my dad and my moms bf know that I take low dose THC gummies but my mom doesn't know."
175983929,"I keep wanting to try to learn to crochet but it's so intimidating. Maybe I just need to keep at it and I'll get it eventually. I want to be able to make scarves and hats, and blankets, all kinds of cool stuff. I'm jealous of other peoples talent with that lol"
175983930,"I made a mistake. I started to accept everything I say was true. I slowly got cut off from the universe in my own head by choosing the wrong awnser. Now I no Longer can sleep,eat,drink,or enjoy hot or cold showers. The Universe said to skin myself alive before being cut off. Am I immortal Now like the universe said or Am I going to die a eternal painful death? (My lungs and heart are working diffrently now.) I even lost the ability to play _USER_ID_ cake. Texting on this phone feels fake."
175983931,"Okay, all my bills are paid this month. I have a full tank of gas in my car. I have 12 days worth the groceries, and a measly $10 bucks. I have $500 coming in the mail from Florida, and then I have to wait until my bank clears it. This is my situation. I have no idea what's wrong with my unemployment at all. Neither does my accountant. The unemployment agency is frozen and they owe me 1300 dollars. Speaking of which, just in case, I'm going to do my job submissions now."
174380141,Good job!!!!!!!
175983932,Would you be willing to elaborate?
175983933,.
175983934,I've had meds make my head tingly before.
175983935,"That sounds lovely. If I had Animal Crossing I would totally do it with you. But I don't have any gaming stuff. I remember being in Washington DC and on this boulevard by the White House and there were _NAME_ Trees down the sides and they were in bloom. Gorgeous! Speaking of, have you been doing any photography lately SP? Just wondering!"
175983936,So I've just learned to accept my prospecting or perceiving personality trait. I'm just gonna go with the flow right now and stop trying to go against it. Right now I'm learning about the cartel and how they do business.
175983937,"I have Bipolar type 1. The last two years have been super hectic for me. Starting with getting pregnant, having to go off my meds and on again, losing my job 3 months after my sons birth, my husband losing his job during COVID, having to immigrate to Germany, having to sell all our belongings, my son and I moving in with my parents while my husband goes to Germany alone for the last 4 months, anxiety attacks... the list just goes on and on.. I feel like I’ve been thrown in the middle of a hurricane. I’m trying to pray, meditate, excercose but nothing sticks for long enough before I turn to cannabis oil ( legal over here) and alcohol again. And last week for some reason I thought God was telling me to go off my meds cold turkey. Now it seems pretty stupid but then it seemed like a great idea. My family I’m living with don’t really understand bipolar disorder and my husband Is so far away I don’t really feel like I have any support, except for my therapist, which I see once a month over Wha
tsApp. I feel like I’m slowly losing my crap, spiraling downward.. am I having some sort of episode or am I finally just gone?? What has worked for u guys?"
175983938,"Sometimes I have it all day. I think though because I get up so early and there are no demands on me, I am relatively calm. But I have experienced it before. Hope it gets better. Hugs _NAME_..."
175983939,I’m sorry bb. Can u take a nap or a series of naps this evening to counteract the tiredness for tomorrow? _PERSON_ if that’s possible. Jw.
175983940,"Yeah, I'm on Vyvanse 60 mg. One time my Pdoc put me on 70 mg but then I couldn't sleep at all. Without Vyvanse I would be totally catatonic I think. I usually get about 7 to 8 hours a night. I'm not sure if all this tiredness is due to the increase in the AP or due to the addition of a second AD or both, or just depression or whatever. I just feel blah, and unreal, and not myself."
175983941,"Trazadone doesn't effect me at all for some reason. I tried a very high dosage for a couple days and didn't feel any different. Good recommendation though, it really helps others out. I had unprotected sex with my girlfriend on Ambien. She said I was randy last night and asked her what she meant, and then she told me. I like to be conscious and in control. I could just imagine going on facebook and doing something completely dumbfounding. And that was just the first an last time I ever took it."
175983942,"I saw that documentary the badgers name was fivel or something like that, they kept trying to find ways to stop them from escaping he got into the zoo keepers house and got into his fridge too. Yes, he used to escape and fight the lions almost died once"
175983943,"small piece of steak, frozen spinach, and a potato"
174380146,what i find interesting about _NAME_ is his schizophrenic daughter and how he was apparently the only one capable of understanding her enough to converse. he may have been schizotypal. if i had to pick someone famous i'd say i'm more like a _NAME_. explicitly rambling on about sex and banned from major markets.
174380158,"I feel the same way, I haven’t been diagnosed clinically with ptsd. But I have had a hard time with my emotions because of the trauma that I experience. It’s like I built a barrier to keep me from confronting that experience but it’s like you can never really heal unless you confront that experience. I know through my trauma I had to forgive the people who hurt me and forgive myself. I feel like this world can be a lonely place but we have to be our own light. We have to be our own best friends and love ourselves. I know that I’m not a victim because I’m alive and breathing and that right there is a huge accomplishment because what doesn’t destroy you only makes you stronger. I hope I made sense, if you need anything don’t hesitate to reach out. I struggle with ptsd and schizophrenia but I’m in the process of recovery. I’m in college and I just want to be a help to people. Peace & Love."
175983944,Having some honey nut cheerios dry as a snack. Still drinking iced tea.
175983945,A Discovery of Witches by _NAME_
175983946,"I hear your fear. You need to try to take deep breaths and do more positive self-talk. We will believe what we tell ourselves, and it sounds likes you are caught in a fearful, negative spiral. Don't believe what your ""monkey brain"" (fast, erratic thinking) is telling you - it's not real. Try to break this by distracting yourself by doing something you enjoy - and force yourself to say positive, optimistic statements. I know this seems difficult, but you have to keep at it - and the more you work at it, you can eventually re-train yourself to focus your thoughts to jump to the positive more quickly. Best of luck, We are still here for you."
175983947,Not allowed to have certain scents around here cuz the women that did chemo can smell them.. It's like being really tired and sick and being sensitive to smells that will make you want to throw up.. I threw orange peels in the garbage upstairs idk if I should put them somewhere else.. My mom said that it's ok.. Just interesting thought of the day.
175983948,I had a good week last week. I got all my bills paid that I needed to pay last week. I don't like to procrastinate when it comes to paying bills.
175983949,"Yes, actually took them as prescribed today. Planning on keeping it that way now."
175983950,"I chewed 8mg of nicotine gum and feel more ""in of it"" slightly. I took L-Tyrosine which should help replenish my dopamine. I'm learning about meditation. I'll teach you guys! I think meditation is my most important thing that I'll be doing over the next few weeks. Like 5-10 times, people have recommended meditation to me more than anything else. So I'm gonna set a time to do it - Since it's summer, I can do it outside on the front lawn. There's a fence so people won't see me. It'll be good.. I feel sad.. lol.."
175983951,This is a great share. Thanks!
175983952,"I'm listening to this entrepreneur on Facebook and it's just depressing me. I feel lost. My mom is working her *** off and is stressed with her heart palpitating all the time she could die and theres nothing I can do about it. I can't just make money on the internet like I should do because I dont even know where to begin. I dont even do much on the internet that I even enjoy. I don't enjoy my life even though I'm not working. I dont like my life. I want to be constantly moving but I'm just stuck. Everyone is doing something or working towards something. Sure, I'm taking college courses but I have no clue what I want to do. I'd love to make podcasts but I cant even speak. I have nothing to offer because theres nothing in my mind because I'm too depressed. Almost everyone my age feels this way but they're not doped up on meds and mentally disabled. I cant even get out of bed without a stimulant. I dont know why. People just call me lazy. Theres no winning to my situation. My creativity is dead. I ha
ve barely any will to live. I feel like I'm in mental pain 100% of the day. I'm just doing things because I have to. Theres low energy in my brain. Im not inspired by anything. I turned to drugs before even realizing what was wrong with me. I cant get myself to quit cigarettes. I have no motivation to do the things I'm supposed to be doing but somehow get them done slowly and painfully as if taking it slow actually means anything because I'm going nowhere. I have anhedonia so all the things that make everyone else happy dont register in my mind on most days. I just feel nothing and feel numb. I'm interested in my own psychosis. I want to be a little psychotic because I feel like everyone is just a little bit. I believe I'm on too much antipsychotic. But what else can I even say? I'm miserable and suffering. Alcohol makes me feel worse when it makes most people feel happy. I dont have a driver's license so I should add that to my list of meaningless things that I have to do like apply for jobs, get a haircut, 
get a gym membership. It all feels pointless to me because I'm dysphoric and hell and everything feels painful. I hate myself and my thoughts. I'm a waste of life. I don't know why my family loves me when I cant do anything to better myself. I need guidance in life because my cognition is completely ****_NAME_. I bet I'm not even good at math anymore. I'm not good at anything because I dont even try. I have no free will. I cant change my thoughts. I feel like everything I've done to try and be happy is a cruel joke of a life. Yet people do the same things I've done and they're fine. I ****_NAME_ myself up. All I see is a blackhole opening up in reality that I want to jump into and just disappear."
175983953,My friend is coming over. She offered me a girls day where I can vent and talk and stuff.
175983954,"Sorry you're going through that I don't have any experience with it but I know there's a couple people on this thread who do have experience withdrawing from benzodiazepines, maybe they'll be around to offer some tips later. I hope you find something that helps you"
175983955,Beyond sorry that happened to you......
175983956,0.5mg last night killed my panic attack. That's all I've had in 4 days so it's good. I think it's because I'm not that scared of panic attacks anymore. I just find them really annoying.
175983957,I feel sick this morning...did not sleep well...still worried about my assignment. Woke up early too...queasy. I don’t know why I can’t let it go...it’s done.
175983958,"T tomorrow. I'm both looking forward to it and not looking forward to it. From experience though I will be glad that I went. Especially since I wasn't well earlier this week. I just want her to give me advice (which I know is not the T's function) and just be like ""When you feel like x, do this."" ""When you feel like y, do this."" That would be so helpful because I sure as heck don't know what to do. Some auditory hallucinations this week. Nothing too scary though."
175983959,"Shameless, a few different anime shows, Criminal Minds, and The Good Place"
175983960,"Had a panic attack. like clockwork, around the same time every day now"
175983961,"Zoos are fun, can be expensive though sometimes your library will have passes."
175983962,"Yeah be mindful of what you consume. For me, I know I can’t drink more than a cup of coffee, it gives me anxiety. So I never drink more than a cup."
175983963,"If your soul feels tired, you probably have awakened to the false reality you live in, and you no longer want to play a part in it. ... People with soul exhaustion often use their imagination to escape reality, because their dreams give them more solace than their daily lives. Calm Your Soul- Indie/Folk Playlist, 2020 - YouTube"
175983964,fruit salad for breakfast clean clothes laundry plenty of liquid
175983965,Don’t be ashamed to be. Covid is real and can be fatal. I know a few people who have died from covid and a dozen more who have gotten it. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise to not be scared. My family and fiancé think I’m overreacting because I’ve been shut in for months. And then just last week fiancé’s sister got covid and it spread to his whole family. There’s seven people living at his old house. 3 grandchildren and 3 or 4 adults including his mom. All of whom came down with it except 2 children. One child did tho. We had to quarantine and fiancé snd I had to test for covid at a lab. I personally know someone else’s parents that came down with covid and even more people. A few died.
175983966,"That's what facebook does! The algorithms promote further radicalization because that's what gets people to click! The more clicks the more advertisers come and pay. Facebook helped _PERSON_ get elected, and it helps white supremacy."
175983967,"HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Do you need to call your T or your Pdoc? If you keep feeling like that, tell someone. Tell your sister. Go to the ER. Something! We all love you Blue_Bird!!!!! HUGS"
175983968,Blah. Waiting game again. And probably won’t be able to afford another certification.
175983969,I talked to my fiance and mom. _PERSON_ and I decided I will be sending most of my paycheck to him when I get it because I have impulsive spending habits. Even tho today was all on gift cards and 40 dollars in cash. I dont wanna take it back because most of it was to build a vision board for myself.
175983970,I'm going to make myself an appointment for a dental cleaning next week. I've avoided it long enough. Will be the first in a long series of appointments to come I'm sure with the damage from the _NAME_. Has to be done though.
175983971,This is like the 2nd or 3rd time this lady rescheduled on us...
175983972,I took a nap
175983973,I need to write a script first.
175983974,Yum!!!!!
175983975,Lol... I wondered what an incestuous onion was for about 3 seconds then.
175983976,"It may not take that long since you already have it in your system. There are a lot of things in life that we sometimes have to let go. Count to 10. I know it is hard. I have a neighbor that revs his car up every evening. My dog is scared of the noise and honestly it sounds like it is going to blow up. He does it over and over every night. If it isn't that it is their music. So loud. We have the tv on loud and my music, and it is still loud. And it is across the street. I guess I could complain to somebody but then I would have enemies. So I ignore it. Luckily I am able to. Maybe your agitation is showing and the doc wanted to let you know in a round about way. I know when I took wellbutrin I got agitated really bad. But it sounds like the prozac could be helping some. Especially if your anxiety is better. Do you ever do breathing exercises? It can help relax you. I hope the increase helps. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175983977,You are definitely a writer. You relate to people very well! Like a musician...
175983978,Empanadas with coke or Pepsi I think. Every delicious.
175983979,Yeah it is ?
175983980,My cat is meowing at me cuz I'm packing my bags. She usually sits on my shoulders for a few seconds sometimes then gets off but now she sat on my shoulders for like 5 minutes. She's sitting on my lap now. She doesn't want me to go. She knows.
175983981,"Hi SlumberKitty, many thanks for your reply. I am not actually diagnosed, but to me this seems the obvious choice. Schizophrenia seems a bit much considering I only properly hallucinate every few years on average (not counting hallucinations that last for a second) and an affective disorder seems equally much considering I am generally very unemotional. Having panic attacks and then crying for 1.5 days streight (I feel fine now) came as a bit of a shock. This enhanced emotionality felt worse then any prior hallucination including the memory which came in waves over a period of 4 months or so. Has your diagnosis helped you? I wonder how much they can do..."
175983982,"Parent If one of my parents has schizophrenia, what is my risk of developing the... ...if both parents were diagnosed with schizophrenia, the risk increases to 50%."
175983983,"I feel dizzy and sick. I napped this afternoon. When I was waking I couldn't figure out where I was, but I thought probably on the couch somewhere. I still feel dizzy and sick. The roommates are evil sacks of s*h*I*t*. I'm working on recording the crap they're doing so I can prove it when I tell the SW. It reminds me of when I was psychotic and trying to get recordings of that voice I was hearing. Except now I'm not psychotic."
175983984,"I already deal with sadness, deep sadness, from my family splitting when I was 15. I held a grudge against my mom for over a decade for leaving our family. I mostly am over it snd would say it totally over it but I think subconsciously I’m not. But I fear my dad passing cuz then that would mean the end of any family I could’ve had from childhood. I still feel like so much a child or like a teenager forever."
175983985,Oh yea I can’t see it on Tapatalk. If u guys use the thank button I will understand it as hugs too
175983986,"I can't write much cuz I don't even know where to start. My mental health is ok. I'm taking a 5mg olanzepine every night which is giving me complete insight and stability along with my Invega injection. Last night was the worst night where my mom just got **** faced and didn't give a **** about me or anyone else. I left the shot glasses, cans and dishes for her to clean up when she gets home from work. She's going to complain but I'm not being involved in this alcohol addiction. All of my rent money basically goes towards her alcohol addiction so I can maybe move in with my brother later in time and I'll have a place where I can get away from this nonsense. I should have done it years ago. Hopefully when her kids are gone (My sister is going to move out as well), she'll realize that the decisions that she has made has left her to where she's at - and hopefully she can find a man that treats her well - Although she only likes assholes so w/e. I'm trying to decide what I want to do. I have a list of 
things but it doesn't feel comfortable to research and understand myself in this environment. It doesn't fee authentic like I have any understanding or support anymore. I'm going to call my therapist tomorrow and look at options about moving out on my own. I'm gonna call my old psychologist/psych nurse as well. I'll try to make an appointment with a psychiatrist - Any... It doesn't matter at this point. I want to make sure that any new doctor/psychiatrist that I have doesn't change my meds - So I'm going to write a letter and get them to approve of it. I'm basically frozen at this point and can't do anything productive. My mind is flooded with my moms drama. Why couldn't she just be a normal cancer patient and stop being so vain? She doesn't care if she dies. She's pretty much suicidal and starves herself - Doesn't listen to my concerns and worries. She's borderline and histrionic so I can't get the 10k dollars back that she took from me and she will sell my condo because it's in her name. I made a 7k downpay
ment when I was 18. I'm going to talk to my disability worker and get the check put into my other bank account which isn't shared with my mom so doesn't have control over me anymore. Then I'm going to leave. I hate her when she's drunk - She's a completely different person and when she's sober, she's controlling and still manipulative. I've had enough. I just want to focus and do things. I feel like a child or a teenager. I've been neglected my whole life. And the whole economy crashing and COVID and social media, news, craziness is on top of all of that. But I'm very sane and will stay that way. I'm just having brain fog and a bit of dissociation so idk.."
175983987,Oatmeal with raisins
175983988,"Time for a new thread, last one reached 100 pages. Yes I took a shower tonight"
175983989,Yes! The root canal was approved by my insurance. They can proceed with it now
175983990,I don't always know what to say either. I'm glad you are in the hospital as your symptoms seem intense right now. I hope you feel better soon. _PERSON_
175983991,"Thorazine was the very first antipsychotic that was mixed with an antihistamine, you'll probably gain a tolerance with it soon like I did with Benadryl. Sorry you're going through this, friend."
175983992,I just read an professional iq test result I took from a psychologist 2 years ago. Wow. I’m dumb.
175983993,That's good. I need to move out soon but I don't have income right now. Working on that. I need to devote much more time to things like that so it'll actually manifest.
175983994,"What a great question. You clearly care about your sister and you also understand the unpredictablity has you wanting and needing to take care of yourself. Love that you’re not in blame or shame to her or you ( at least I didn’t hear that angle). I live with someone who also is unpredictable and unless I take good care of myself, my PTSD from past traumas kicks in very quick and it’s almost too late. At that point I know now to walk away, request a pause, so I can get back to center and grounded. My therapist is helping me untangle old wounds from current situation so I can be a better partner first to myself, then present for the other. Meditations help, remembering it’s not personal helps ( if you’re not already triggered). Writing down the things that feel painful and true, then investigating them to see if they are true. I’ve done a lot of _NAME_ processes at thework.com because I get to keep working on myself so my stuff isn’t spilling over into my relationships. (Ex: if I think 
_PERSON_ should just listen better then he would understand the ramifications of his actions. After answering the short questions I get to peel away the layers of my beliefs by deeply going internally to find my answers. Then the last part is turning it around. If I could just listen more.... where in my world am I not listening well... cuz that’s the only thing I can change... not only do I get to drop the wall I’ve created between us ( he doesn’t listen well, and I do changes to “oh, gosh I don’t do that sometimes too!)... I also get to grow and stretch at being a better listener. It’s a win win. Then I can be with W even when he’s not listening, remembering I do that too at times. It feels kind to both. But when I’m in a mind set that he should be different I’m in suffering. I’m “shoulding” him not listening at all. Mood swings come and go, that’s why their called that. One of my favorite people and teachers is _NAME_, of Mr _PERSON_ neighborhood. He was a master at being with ano
ther’s hard feelings. May you continue to support and care for your sister, and remember taking care of yourself first and foremost means you will be fully available for her, not on a _USER_ID_ ride of staying upbeat yet protecting yourself at the same time. Kudos to you for asking for help. ??"
175983995,"I was supposed to have a special night with my brother, movies, video games, snacks, all that kinda stuff. But I had a ****ing paranoia/anxiety attack and had to leave early and now im worried i hurt his feelings. I feel horrible"
175983996,"Did my nails. Tried to pray the rosary. Only got like a decade and a half in, started falling asleep. I have no idea why I'm so extremely tired"
175983997,When was your last bloodwork done? I would get it checked out.
175983998,I watched The Joker. Interesting movie. Is my life a comedy? Or a tragedy?? I think a comedy.. AHAHA.. HAHAHAHAHA.. HHAHAHAHAHAAHA
175983999,"Well, the Finding Nemo DVD froze so I couldn't finish it. That's a problem with a lot of the children's DVDs from the library, they tend to have a lot of scratches and stuff because little kids get ahold of them. Have some hold requests for ""It: Chapter Two"", and ""Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark"""
175984000,"very depressed still. My grandma had bad stomach pains and went to the ER, they are scanning her for a ruptured appendix now."
175984001,In a few hours = sleep zopiclone depleted dopamine... The dopamine just squeezes out every day.. Good for schizophrenia - I'll get parkinsons maybe. Needed a deep mind rest this evening then took olanzepine now I'm good
175984002,Maybe journaling isn’t for you? I do something similar but it’s when l draw something or make art. It doesn’t last long. Ever thought about another outlet?
175984003,Put my plushies up above my desk on the hutch where my books are.
175984004,"YouTube isn't streaming the debates very well. It keeps on hanging an loading for me. I guess i'll watch it tomorrow when it's uploaded to youtube and not live. Ohwell, It's probably better that way, I can't stay up late anyway. Maybe listening to it will be an option while at work. I've been depressed a lot since my mom came into town. I haven't been picking up the phone when my relatives call me. I'm just closing myelf in. Pumpkin (my cat) is doing well. There is still a little blood in her urine but she's still very sociable. I don't think she eats the dry food at all anymore. I pill her for cancer, and then make a habit of givving her fancy feast wet food right afterwards, so she associates pilling with wet food. For the last year 8 months I've been ruminating a lot of my mistakes I've made, major mistakes. I have a half hour drive home after work and i keep going back to my psychosis and how bad a person i am. I think part of the problem is that people view my actions a certain way without rea
lly understanding what lead up to it all. I know regret and guilt are useless emotions that hold us back, and to just keep moving, but I need a change of scenary desperately."
175984005,"I brought these lunchable-like protein packs. They are right next to the lunchables. They have cheese, Turkey, almonds, and yogurt covered blueberries in them. All the packs are a little different, but its healthier than lunchables."
174380223,I've had a rough 5 to 7 days but my T called me last night and I feel a little better today. Taking Friday off of work as a vacation day but I really need it as a mental health day.
175984006,Yeah I think all I need to tell him is just let's not mess with it anymore. I'm sure it can be resolved.
175984007,"I’m so bored because I got stuck inside most of the day due to the storm and I don’t have all my stuff here yet (so I can’t draw, for example) Tomorrow will be busier, stopping at the library, my old place, going grocery shopping, and cleaning."
175984008,"I’m struggling with work, not going to lie. I feel like a failure. I know realistically I’m still new and learning but I just... It’s hard to keep focused when I feel guilty about even eating."
175984009,I'm very down. My mom never showed up. I waited and waited. I'm never asking for help again.
175984010,"My mom is so stressed out from everything. And this is one time I actually understand. What i dont understand is, her 3 sisters that live down the street from grandma arent gonna be taking care of her in the immediate time. 2 are going on vacation. 1 cant take care of her. But they are asking my mom to goto California from Texas to care for my grandma."
175984011,HT
175984012,"I'm about to beat Fire Emblem. I'm on the second to last chapter (ch 21 and there are 22 chs). It's taken me a while to beat the game! and once I beat it, there are some post-game things to do, so I'm going to do those. I really like the game, but I realize it's not for everybody. afterwards, I'm hoping to play Witcher 2 once I get my thumbstick attachments in the mail."
175984013,We got ice cream too. And I sold my 3DS and a couple of games and I got a game. And then we went to the liquor store.
175984014,"Just got back from the laundromat. Took a shower and put on fresh clean, warm clothes"
175984015,Sitting in bed with my cat and drinking chamomile tea. I get the Invega Trinza injection this week. Not sure what the dose is.. I'm then gonna get a refill of my meds (Enough for my 10 day holiday). I bought this med bag on Amazon to put my meds and supplements in while travelling; I'm gonna read for a bit then sleep for work again in the morning.
175984016,"I did some food shopping, then returned and vacuumed, cleaned the bathroom, and am doing my laundry now. Tomorrow, I go to the doctor to get refills. I am doing great!"
175984017,"Shrooms are next lol. They're basically decriminalized here cuz there's dispensaries popping up all over the clear web. But remember, they have great medicinal value like weed.."
175984018,"I bought a few books for chapters on the American revolution. One being the Cambridge book on the Early Modern Period. Montesquieu's Spirit of the Laws. And a book called, American Scripture."
175984019,"I loved the playdoh so much from that box, I bought a 9 pack of different colors of 1-ounce playdoh cups from a Amazon. For $5 total! Good deal! I found it’s a good fidget tool."
175984020,Payback - BAD CHILD Go 2 ur spotify or whatever and play it in ear buds. It's one of the best song's I've ever heard. And look up lyrics too cuz it's hard to hear all the words.
175984021,"I am kinda. I’m excited about starting my new job tomorrow. And fiancé will be going far out of town for a job and be gone a week. But I was really positive about it. _PERSON_ he said he will be getting a 4 dollar permanent raise and a bonus of 1000 dollars if he’s told to go. I told him “sometimes you have to make and do uncomfortable choices in order to grow. In this case, financially grow. For us.”"
175984022,"Oh no, I’m so sorry for your loss."
175984023,"Have had a weird sleep schedule lately. Falling asleep around 1 in the morning, sleeping till 8am, taking my morning meds then back to sleep till 11:30am. Would like to get it back to normal"
175984024,He took it this morning and let it go
175984025,"Hi, I’m from the UC forum, I take this generic loratidine and it helps a lot with my anxiety. It’s a allergy med. I’ve been on lexapro lately and although it works just 2.5 it makes me real tired! So I got off it. I cut a tiny lexapro 5mg pill in half. I’m must be super sensitive to meds like this because cut I cut .25 of Xanax in half and I sleep like a baby. I could take lexapro later in the day but will it continue to work until my next dose 24 hours later? Are these24 hour meds? Which is better for my body loratidine or lexapro? I use any calming thing b/c my brain won’t shut off, every little noise in the night I jump.my heart races. I know when I feel anxiety and when the calmness comes. Songs don’t get stuck in my head for 24 hours, no worrying , not worried for other people, etc.... Also the CALM supplement magnesium at night is amazing, I use this too. ThAnks all"
175984026,"To be honest I have been eating a lot of junk food recently, I'm trying to eat healthier though so I may eventually get below 160, who knows, I guess I'll see how the next few months go with healthy eating. I also haven't been getting much exercise so there's that too"
175984027,"Keep being positive. It's actually really nice to see here, you know. With everything going on I really am on the verge of breaking down. Anything else added to my life will surely break me down. I know it. I come home everyday after work hearing voices and paranoid. I start the day off fine, but I'm really glad I'm working only 5 hours 3 days a week because I couldn't handle more. I'm really scared that after a year if they offer me full time I wont be able to handle it. Idk. I just need to focus on now. I dont say what I'm dealing with much anymore here, because I'm scared everyone here will think i am a failure."
175984028,"They've been eating drinking and sleeping the virus, making themself sick with panic and fear. They're now an expert on it and my comments challenge everything they know."
175984029,"Congrats on the job interview _PERSON_. Just putting yourself out there is a big deal in itself. Good luck! _AT_MENTION_ how are you doing? We use to talk everyday, I miss you . Today was a really easy day, painted a deck and sprayed the south and east sides of this fancy place. I guess we're hiring a couple more guys, plus taking on another guy to handle all the work we suddenly have. Feeling number than usual, but nothing is really botherming me much, except for how I messed up the roll out to my book. I was adding and taking parts out and I forgot to read through it and _USER_ID_ it, and it was a very sketchy scene, very amateurish, ohwell. I have all weekend to fix it, and then I'll read over it again. Got to fix chapter 3 and 4. I see my pdoc on the 30th, I think I might taper down off the Seroquel because it has lost its effectiveness. And im still having trouble sleeping, and im maxing out again on Benadryl because I can't miss work. Also, I have to train new guys, and doing that while feeli
ng like a zombie is tough. I don't even know what other drugs I can take for my sleep though. :-/ I've been on all of them except ambien, but I don't want to do something stupid while taking that drug. I could up my benzo but... ill just build a tolerance in a couple weeks and be at square one."
175984030,"Ignore previous post. It was nonsense. Now I'm gonna sit down, focus .. and read book.. Block out all the madness in my mind.. Vyvanse.."
175984031,The five mg worked for me and I did not notice any side effects
175984032,"We’ve had infection before like 1918 flu, plague etc. the normal we had arose after that. Hopefully we’ll institute surveillance teams like the ones trump scrapped last year, but other than the grief for lost people I think we’ll return to normal....."
175984033,"Thanks guys, I'll check them out"
174380272,"Had a really good therapy session. I think my therapist has ADHD. We were talking about ADHD, autism, schizophrenia, OCD and then going into esoteric thinking about pantheism and if I think everything is God and used to be an atheist before psychedelics, as long as it's not interfering with my life or society, it's not really mental illness.. But it can be. She says I'm an anxious person and is fascinated by aspergers (Which everyone is for some reason) and it will be good to lower the injection to see what happens since I'm not having symptoms. She says my psychiatrist that diagnosed me with schizophrenia was just doing the best he could and trying to help me. Although I could still have schizophrenia because of negative symptoms.. although the antipsychotic also causes negative symptoms. We talked about my mom having breast cancer and how I'm good at researching like her symptoms and I'll be going with my mom to her consultation and will be looking up the chemo drugs. It's all really complicated 
stuff. I realize that nothing is really ""physical"" and there's oxymorons and complications like different opinions on everything. I'm somewhat happy. I'll just need to explain this stuff to my psychiatrist and she likes me because I teach her stuff too and she says talking to me is like talking to one of her med students. Interesting stuff."
175984034,"I feel like I'm very strict with myself ethically, and I don't enjoy lying, and don't do it often...maybe I don't even do it often enough to mesh with other people socially. I think that a lot of people will lie to save face, but it's very hard for me to care about what I look like to others, or care about pleasing others for my own benefit. I do lie....but I would rather avoid people than end up in a situation where I'm forced to lie."
175984035,I deal with internal tremors - or vibrations. It's from lyme disease infecting the nervous system. It's not an uncommon symptom with lyme.
175984036,Looking at meditations to help with chronic fatigue I wonder if there's such a thing as 70mg Vyvanse capsules in Canada.
175984037,The Little Things Give You Away - Linkin Park
175984038,Same **********
175984039,"_PERSON_, I'm glad you responded. If you are finding it difficult to talk about this, perhaps we can go on chat and figure out a way where that's possible for you. As has been said, we are here to help you, if you would like for us to help you. There's nothing that can't be talked about . I am trying to help out a woman here who just told me today she was homeless for awhile. Lived in her car. I asked her to tell me about that, and she said she didn't want to relive that part of her life. She doesn't have to tell me, in a way. I know it was really bad and I just try to do what I can for her. At least she lets me do that. It took her awhile to get that far. It's taking a while to get to you. You don't have to tell everything. Just let us know that it was bad. But why is it your fault. What is it about it was your decision that played a part in this situation? Just keep in touch so we can offer suggestions. Keep the lines of communication open. How about that? It was really good to hear from you. We 
don't think you are a bad person. Please don't think that about yourself. We need you to get on your side. You're the key."
175984040,"I might be off here mostly but will post intermittently. I’ve just got so much going on in my life and I’m under extreme, extreme stress. Like, idk, my blood pressure got really high the other day and I felt like I was gonna pass out."
175984041,My sister is picking up some McDonalds for me!
175984042,Gonna finish shovelling snow then smoke a little weed.
175984043,I'm not strong mentally. I can't handle stress very well.
175984044,"Depressed today and having some hallucinations. I've been really tired though so I don't know if that is adding to it. Trying to just be kind to myself and take it kind of easy. Work doesn't seem too bad today so maybe that will help. I might get kind of bored though and that can be bad for the depression. At least tonight I don't have anything to do after I get off work except get gas in my car. I've already had two therapy appointments this week during the evenings, and I had class on Tuesday night. Tonight and tomorrow night I can just take it easy. Oh and I have to do the therapy homework. Fun (not). HUGS to anyone who wants one, _PERSON_"
175984045,Like I’m trying to keep myself from obsessing over it but I can’t stop thinking about it. I have to go read more. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984046,Wanting to fire my Pdoc again. Just think he's not giving me the light of day. He always only spends like 15-20 minutes with me each time. I wish I had a pdoc that would at least spend more time with me! It makes me mad. I think those appointments should be longer. I'm paying for it too!
175984047,wearing deodorant. I know it isn't much but hey it's something for today
175984048,Everytime I forget to take my meds I feel so much energy. This sucks!
175984049,Your advice was very helpful. Thanks.
175984050,Pizza and a Coke
175984051,We're having a binge watch of all the _NAME_ films for my nephew because he's never seen any of them. Might take 2 days though lol
175984052,"I’m sorry guys I didn’t tell y’all. We are holding off on getting pregnant for awhile cuz I had been off my meds and the hormones would’ve been too much. I lost the baby early. It was first week of February/end of January. Since then fiancé has not wanted to try until I get my meds straight and possibly til his job starts producing money, amongst other things. And I chose to respect his feelings with that. So we aren’t trying right now."
175984053,"Welp. I tried pot once during work my entire 19year career in painting and drywalling, and I followed that bad experience with, I'll never do it again at work. Still, the guy who refuses to get on roofs, and which I tell him I'll do the 40ft work, he felt it was his duty to joke to my boss that I tried it. The boss told me to stay off the pipe today. I'm contemplating how I should handle this. I think I'll defend myself when that guy is in the room since he told him. That should make it awkward."
175984054,"I agree with smirks, its hard for me to imagine how someone wouldnt see the limits the schizoid have early on in any relationship. Anyway, for me the 1st motivation to go to therapy was that i have life too hard, so the only idea i can come up with is to try to point out how many facets in his life are impacted by his behaviors, and how different and easier things could be for him (dont focus on relationships, but focus how lack of them makes it harder to get things he needs), that it doesnt have to be this way, he can think of it of something he has to survive through, at his own pase obviously, to make his life better, maybe empathise that he can take his time. *mod _USER_ID_'*"
175984055,"Have group tomorrow, looking forward to it. Ate the rest of my takeout without any issues. I think I'm gonna get that same order for New Years Eve. The food was really good. I get my Thanksgiving lunch tomorrow (the one my apartment complex is doing). It should be delivered to my door around the time I get home from group."
175984056,"Just removed one about a day ago from the same spot! They drive me crazy. I always end up with a small red bump from their bites, most likely because I’m allergic to them. Still gets me a bit nervous especially because I’m on immunosuppressants. As Getting By said, keep an eye on it (how big is it?) and if it doesn’t go away in another week or so get it checked out."
175984057,"Haha, you'll be tired way before my butt is if you have to use my age! 61..."
175984058,"I seriously don't want to be at work today. Nothing is going on that is bothering me. I'm just sleepy from the anti-anxiety meds, feeling fragile from the SH, and wanting to feel comforted. I just want to get under the blankets in my bed and zone out. But I'm trying to stay at work and be as productive as I can. I'm not expecting superwoman out of myself today. Just as much as _PERSON_ can do."
175984059,"Work has been pretty stressful because the owner has been here and next week the controller comes. I'm excited to meet the controller but I'm like what if I make a bad impression?!! Doubts, doubts!"
174380299,"i have bp 1 with tons of psychosis probably easily could be changed to schizoaffective disorder, bipolar type, as I am not sure what the difference really is. You are not alone!!!!"
175984060,"Hi, You can be gaslit,communally mobbed and psychotic at the same time!"
175984061,Still playing my MMO’s
175984062,"We are seeing a psychiatrist tomorrow I'm just so beat up, mentally and physically, after the episode last night (spilling into today, after I said we needed to make a budget to pay our bills). She saw this forum last night, and was very upset by what I said, saying I was having an emotional affair. She typed the last post at 7:50."
175984063,"I stopped _PERSON_ in October, 2018. Since then I have slowly been sensitive, teary eyes and losing motivation to do things. Just started again 2 weeks ago. I passed out two days after starting Lexipro due to dehydration. Had to be hospitalized and stitches. That incident threw me into a full blown depression. Thoughts of hopelessness, comparing myself to everyone else, thinking I am a loser, no good job, no man, no kids. I am usually very optimistic and positive. It has been two weeks since starting. Can't sleep - thinking ALL night. Anyone else with these symptoms? Just don't want to feel all alone. My family is trying to understand what I'm going through but they don't. No appetite and simple tasks seem daunting. Any positive reinforcement would help. Thank you all!"
175984064,"I had all the hopes in the world. But you're right, it hasn't been 3 weeks in which they say it takes some medicines to take effect. It's been only 6 days. I hope you aren't drifting back to your negative thinking. Do you have hopes that this can work, or are you looking for a way to lose? You sound like me before I came across the column on being positive. You could be using this time to work on that, as has been discussed here earlier. There are other medicines, and this one may yet work. It is not the end of the world as you were taught as a child. Remember, my grandmother had bipolar and had no medicines. You were born into a world where there are numerous medicines for many of our conditions. You can take comfort in that. Instead you continually look for the worst. My grandmother had the worst. You have the best. I know because I was taught negative as a child and I was like that for many decades. You are pledging allegiance to those negative people who taught you that. It is so comforting to 
seek the support of those who were trying to destroy us because we were 5 and 10 at the time and didn't know better. I can tell you, it's going to come get you. What do you think about the positive situation? Do you have any problem with being positive going into a situation such as this one? You can still keep your same personality. You just change what you think going into a problem whether you're going to solve it. One problem at a time, and be positive about that problem."
175984065,"Have you been in contact with your doctor lately? It would be a good idea to discuss this with your doctor. Very possibly you may need an adjustment in your medication(s) for bipolar disorder. Have you been losing sleep? I am not at all dismissing what you are going through, but with bipolar, especially in the manic phase, you could be losing sleep which could cause you to think too much and possibly imagine some of the events going around you. I hope you can figure all of this out. Hugs. Sincerely, _NAME_"
175984066,"Just watched Monsters, Inc"
175984067,"That's good to know. I didn't see your post until now, so hopefully the cheap games are still there!"
175984068,"You are doing the best you can Dalo08. You're in the care of a doctor and are trying a new medicine. I know waiting for something to kick in for relief is nerve-wracking, but every day, you are one step closer to having it go into effect so you will know whether it is working for you or not. In the meantime, you are doing all the right things to try to stave off the anxiety beast. When you stay busy, are you making sure to do some things that are enjoyable to you? Whether it's reading a good book or taking a nature walk, playing with a pet, even looking at funny/silly memes, anything that could lift your spirits, even for a few minutes? Reading that you also pray, I love this Scripture and hope it brings you comfort too at Phillipians 4:6, 7 Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; 7 and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers by means of Chr
ist Jesus. Keep asking for peace and calm and holy spirit to help you endure this difficult time. I hope that you will find relief soon. Best wishes."
174380313,I feel a bit sad at the moment. I'm not sure why. I slept about 6 hours last night and I've been productive this morning. I think maybe I'm overwhelmed by my kitchen. I am running out of room for stuff. I may have to just start donating stuff or throwing things I don't use away. I feel like I've got a huge mountain to climb. It's important to me now because I've really been getting into cooking.
175984069,"I had an amazing breakfast. Eggs, a hashbrown, sausage, fruit, raisin bran cereal and a huge apple turnover with coffee"
175984070,Yes I took them. I also had to take one of my prn medication today
174380332,"Idk, I just always worry about dying in some bizarre way with any medication changes"
175984071,"I sometimes yearn for close connections. But the thought of the effort required to establish and maintain them; plus the high risk of failure, awkwardness, and strife; makes it not worth trying."
175984073,"Thank you! While I am very aware of my symptoms and such, I am horribly ignorant of my triggers and how I eventually feel better. It just seems like one day I don't have to try as hard. I generally do not even notice it until I am well on my way to recovery. I wish it was not that way. I wish I knew some tricks to help. I can do the DBT and CBT exercises. I can challenge my thought processes, know they are flawed. Aware of all of it. But, it does not touch my feelings. All I want to do is cry. I cannot concentrate. Today, I maybe did 20 minutes of work in an eight hour period. I am tired, both physically and mentally. All I want is out of my life. I do not want to die, I just want out. But, how does one achieve it? There is a 0% chance that I will attempt to end my life. But, it does not stop me from thinking about it constantly. Wondering what it would be like. Is there a God? Is there a heaven? But, like I said, I do not want die. I want to see my daughter grow up. I want to be here for my grandc
hildren (if my daughter decides to bless me with them). I can honestly say I look forward to things that will happen in the future. But dealing with the here and now stinks. I am ready for it to be over."
175984074,Yes I took them.
175984075,Add me on twitter!
175984076,"One thing that sometimes helps me is telling myself, “this is going to be easy” before I start something anxiety provoking."
174380319,"I said to my mom and sister, ""Christmas is celebrating a schizophrenics birthday"" and then my sister was all like ""Jesus wasn't schizophrenic - So you're saying everyone should celebrate your birthday?"" and I was like ""Wtf this has nothing to do with me"" and my mom said ""No he's saying Jesus was schizophrenic"", my sister said ""Jesus wasn't real. The bible was a story about him"" so my mom said ""Yes and they can be so convincing"". I told my mom ""I know a woman online (AD) that said that she believed in her delusions so much and was so convincing that she convinced her treatment team that her delusions were real"".. She said ""Yes and you can do that too. Only me and your sister really know you. You seem normal but can be so convincing"".. My sister said ""Yes he recently convinced his therapist that he didn't have schizophrenia and to go off of his injection"".. My mom said ""People with schizophrenia and con artists can be so convincing.. Like remember you were in the psych ward and som
eone convinced you to search for gold mine combinations from leprechauns?"". But my mom said to think about the real meaning of Christmas like being together with friends and family and just the theme in general.. Even if it's about Jesus for some people.."
175984077,_PERSON_ it's 2020 in UK
175984078,"hi...if i was you i would get an otc drug like pepcid,,or prilosec or nexium...{pepcid is the weakest which you might try first} and take it for a month to see if that helps the chest pain..Gerd can be very painfull in the chest area..there is also something called an esophagus spasm which is very painfull..i get it when i am anxious but i have also had it when i am not anxious..you have had several tests for your heart...before i would push for a cardiolgist i would try what i suggested and also you mentioned that you did not take the prozac or the busprione..i would try the busprione and see if it is anxiety causing your problems..if it were me i wouldn`t take both the prozac and busprone at one time in case you get side effects , then you wouldn`t know which one was causing them..I am not a dr but i ran from dr to dr with pretty much the same sypmtpoms as you and it was anxiety...I also have Gerd so i know what that feels like...there is something called health anxiety which can get a person pre
tty revved up and worried...if these things don`t work possibly try asking for a stress test like _NAME_ 5220 suggests...I know that anxiety can cause alot of symptoms...good luck and keep us updated.."
175984079,"I've had situations where I lived in a homeless shelter after dropping out of art school. I've been in situations as a kid and as an adult while not knowing when my next meal would be. I've lived in houses full of dog ****, roaches, mice, and other rodents. I've missed a **** tone of school as a kid because they didn't bother properly killing the lice that got me kicked out. It wasn't until my stepdad came along and properly teach me how to read and such. Money is overrated but I wouldn't say ""More money more problems"".. also it's expensive to be poor too. It's expensive to find a job. It's expensive to get a job... It's expensive to be poor. Life isn't fair to the disenfranchised."
174380341,Didn't sleep. My therapist wants me to ask my doctor about Clozapine
175984080,"I ended up not playing anything. I switched between xbox, my switch, and my phone, and ended playing a phone game."
175984081,Scorpions - Still Loving You this song reminds me so much of my mom. She's the one who got me into it
175984082,"Morning, still feeling good"
175984083,black unsweetened iced tea
175984084,"I used to take long walks. It sometimes helps clear my head. If you have time, I say go for it."
175984085,So horribly nauseous
175984086,What's that about?
175984087,"Apparently there's 4 types of BPD; High Functioning Internalizing AKA Quiet borderline personality disorder Angry Externalizing AKA Impulsive BPD Histrionic AKA Petulant BPD - My mom Depressive internalizing AKA Self Destructive borderline personality disorder Petulant = ""(of a person or their manner) childishly sulky or bad-tempered"". I mean I shouldn't give her a hard time about it because she was abused horribly as a child. I just have certain videos that I'm going to watch on how to deal with this in the mean time before I move out."
175984088,Hi _NAME_ No my sleep has gone back to being around 3hrs max a night so i'm back to feeling exhausted I have a doctors appointment coming up but I have a feeling it will be canceled due to Corona Virus. Stay safe guys and keep washing those hands we can get through this we all need to follow the government guidelines where ever you are in the world. _PERSON_
175984089,"I've heard of him and the book but I can't remember if I've ever read it. I know I don't own it. I do believe some good came from being hospitalized but that doesn't take away the sheer hell of being hospitalized. Trigger for Christianity Possible trigger: I do think God works in mysterious ways and I think He worked on my behalf because He sure as heck got my attention when I was hospitalized and that is what has spurred the recovery from the SH. Without the hospitalization I don't think I would have been this far in the recovery because it's 5 months for both. I'm sorry you were hospitalized too. It really sucks. I mean, there's times when I feel like I need it, but that wasn't one of them and no one believed me. No one listened. It felt like no one cared."
175984090,Just was bored for a bit at that time
175984091,I guess I get mean and irritated when I’m sleepy. _PERSON_ said “you need to go back to sleep”.
175984092,"So you can play Bluetooth audio on it and it’s also WiFi. Has a million different pixel screen designs or you can make your own. It’s also an alarm clock, smartphone & social media notifier, you can mix your own music, has 360 surround sound, sleep aid, comes with an app, internet radio stations, and other things plus an online community on the internet."
175984093,"had my psych appointment went well , all good"
175984094,"Thank you everyone. I am sorry for not following up _PERSON_. I had an ultrasound and a mammogram. It turned out to be a huge pocket of super dense breast tissue. Although I am super relieved, I know dense breast tissue is a risk factor for breast cancer . But of course I finish from one concern and onto the other!!! Has anyone e perienced something like this before? It only happens in the morning"
175984095,"yep miss rach, but we still have her forum partner, hibee! HT"
175984096,"Getting ready to get on the big choo and go home. Great visit. So good for me to see best pal and his stunning famm. They love me and it warmed my heart. Hugs to all!! Hang in there, falcinator! It will turn around."
175984097,So sorry unsure... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175984098,The Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Workbook for Bipolar Disorder
175984099,"please seek help if you haven't yet. I remember the first time someone realized i heard voices, i was 10 . Because it was in the 70s there was no help for children they couldn't even treat u beyond talk therapy. When i was 19 i was hospitalized and started medication, but that was also before atypicals were available so it was thorazine and haldol for me. They added valium later. As harsh as that treatment is it helped me . Today i am still on APs, but seroquel and geodon. I hear voices everyday but i can deal with them so much better than before. From what i can tell most ppl can have the voices resolved if they stay on their meds and seek help when they need it. Life can get better! hugs to everyone with psychosis, tams"
175984100,showered and shaved
175984101,Are you anxious?
175984102,"Negative: Yup. Also, im worried about moving out in november now, considering how broke I am. Moving out at a time like this is very concerning to me, but that might make the market cheaper to rent a room. If i get a roommate who's cool ill save another cat and I'll get one of those self cleaning kitty litter boxes because of my avolition. I want to get the chillest cat possible. Not a crazy playful one, but one that just wants to watch netflix and chill with me and one that is very social to other humans like my last one. I'll get one that's a couple years old probably. Postive: Found the coolant leak in my car. It was the rubber hose atttached to the engine, it wasn't tightened. So that's that! I added another quart of oil so that's all good now. However, I still need a new oil pan though and an oil change but I'll do that when I get the money, then I will have no issues with my car. I'll buy all the parts for the oil pan and oil change to save money. Then I'll take it to my Detroit mechanic, thi
s will probably set me back a total of $300 I bet which is still a steal. Friday I get my wireless charger which im excited about I cleaned the kitchen and living room. Tomorrow I'll clean my bathroom, and then I'll clean my room the following day. It was crazy, I got out of bed at about 920 am and started to clean, and then when I was mostly done, I looked at the clock and it was only 950am. That was a surprise."
175984103,Omg sounds incredible!
175984104,"Went grocery shopping. Have to go again Friday since I can only carry so much. Got all the ingredients for the spicy Italian sausage and meatballs w/ pasta, but I'm gonna wait till the weekend to make it. Just don't feel like making any food right now. I need to clean first over the next 2 days anyway. My apartment is kind of a mess. It hasn't been thoroughly cleaned since before I was depressed a couple months ago... so I have a lot to catch up on. Got some new music on my iPod"
175984105,"Negative: an ex girlfriend and I messages over facebook. She kept on giving me the giant thumbs up which seemed superficial. We typically have a more genuine conversation but it felt like she was jabbing at me. Then again, the internet isn't that great at expressing emotions for many... Positive: I'm buying a wireless charger for my phone because the usb charge ports always go bad, right? I'm sick of jiggling the port like it was my first time lol. Am I right? haha. I see my editor is writing a chapter on the philosophy of mythology which is dope. I'm looking forward to it. My own story is drudging along. This story is the ultimate test for my imagination. I might not be able to accomplish this feat."
175984106,Wow!!!!!!!!!
175984107,_NAME_ - Good Enough (Official Music Video) - YouTube _NAME_ - Good Enough This song explains how I'm rn
175984108,"Hey Logic!!! Just popping in to see how things are going. I hope everything is going well. Post when you can... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175984109,"Cool, enjoy! I'm having coffee with a friend tonight at Starbucks. We meet at five in the afternoon. She always remarks that she doesn't understand how I can handle the caffeine that late at night because even a small one will keep her up, but it's the only chance we get to meet up so we do. But IDK, the caffeine doesn't bother me."
175984110,Got injection. Sunny day. Feeling good.
175984111,I have. The voices also laughed at me.
175984112,I guess he said we are going on a pontoon
175984113,Registered to get my vaccine! Soonest day they had was May 28th. I’m excited! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984114,"I like the smell of cigar smoke. Had an affair when I was in my teens with a man more than twice my age who used to smoke cigars. He used to say: Manners73, you're sitting on a goldmine."
175984115,"I have the same problem(s), in all respects."
175984116,"Sorry, I don't know, but I hope it stops soon!!! _PERSON_"
175984117,remember your grounding skills.
175984118,I'm ravenous. Eating everything I have to eat. Candy and cookies mostly. It feels like I'm on zyprexa. But I forgot what I was going to say.
175984119,"Did you take an aleve? Weird that your throat is still, tight after sleeping. Could you be allergic to something?"
175984120,"I’m tired. Of everything. Really am. I’m emotionally and mentally exhausted. I’m literally hand and foot waiting for everyone in order to do what I need/want to do in life and I’m just tired of it. I’m sick of waiting for actual change in my life. This is why I chose to goto uni and do philosophy. Nothing about me is where I’d like it to be. Like, I’m ****ing disabled mental health wise. No money. I’m not married. No children. I’m told what to do by ****ing everyone in my life. And it’s twisted me into a subservient, sensitive person. I’m scared of people. Going to uni and doing philosophy is literally my way of saying fck you to everyone. No I’m NOT doing business or accounting or whatever and idgaf! I know exactly where I want to go and be in life and I’m being held back by everyone. Everyone in IRL."
175984121,I was always told to take Advil/Tylenol/Caffeine when I’d get them back when I was young. I hope it passes for you.
175984122,Taking zyprexa and dealing with cravings + trying a diet for the first time was not the best idea.
175984123,"I don't know if I can offer you the kind of response you necessarily want, as I can't say I have ever been in your situation. Though I can't empathize with you, I can absolutely sympathize. This has to be a very hard time for you and I think it's important to say that you are justified to feel any way you need to. It's admirable that you are trying to stay strong for the sake of your children, and a 12 year relationship isn't something that should be thrown away lightly. I think that something that should be considered that might give you some peace of mind is the fact that she told you what happened and didn't try to keep it a secret or cover it up. Don't get me wrong, I think cheating is wrong no matter what the reason, but I think you'd probably feel even more betrayed if she hadn't been so upfront about it. Obviously she betrayed your trust, but maybe she is still in fact truthful? I think that if you want to try and work out your marriage then that's exactly what you should do, but I think it'
s important to sit down with your wife and make sure that that's what she wants, too. If she's willing to work on herself as well so you both can be happy, then maybe you two will be able to work through these hard times. If she decides that she doesn't want to put in the work, though, then you both can move on and just focus on being parents to your children rather than partners with each other and move on to find happiness elsewhere. Either way I wish you all the luck. I also want to add, I don't care how checked out or distant you were, I don't believe that cheating is ever justified and if someone is so unhappy in their relationship to seek out something else on the side, they should end that relationship first. Don't blame yourself for someone else's infidelity, that's just going to burden you with guilt you don't deserve."
175984124,"Yeah. I’m mostly worried about my family because they’re not as careful as me. Also, usually I go get a massage and swim to relax but can’t do that now"
175984125,I've just been hungry for it. Actually I've been eating a lot of Italian food lately.
175984126,Hi folks How has your week been? Who’s in lockdown? I’m really tired my chemist is having problems ordering my melatonin prescription but fingers crossed I will be able to pick it up this week. And yes we’re still in lockdown here in Scotland ??????? for another 3 weeks at least but the sun is out so that’s a bonus. _PERSON_
175984127,My psychiatrist was supposed to have the nurse call me about getting on the injection but no one has called me since our appointment Tuesday. I have a feeling she didn’t tell them I kind of feel like she did it on purpose even though she said she was gonna have them call me. I don’t think she liked the idea of me changing meds back to something that I was on that didn’t help me. But what other choice to I have it’s that or deal with taking pills and my fear of choking _PERSON_ from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984128,I am doing better today. Turns out I need the higher dose of Remeron. My pdoc said it's okay to go back to the higher dose. Anyway. That's what's on my mind this morning. Hope everyone is doing okay.
175984129,"It took me about ten years to get into a place where I could write and finish my book about my five year long hospitalization. I tried many times, but the pain was too great. I finally got to a place of better acceptance and then, I could do it. I believe this is common for folks like us."
175984130,"Everyone talks about coffee so much here. I think I'll have my coffee from lunch after my diet Pepsi. They make a nice coffee here. It's not like a dark roast, but it's good. My tongue and throat hurt. I'm so sick of this place. I want to escape. But they'd find me and put me into a worse place. I need to make my friend jealous so he'll get me away from here. But then I have to use someone which is a rotten thing to do. Maybe not, maybe I could just smile at someone as I'm losing weight. When my friend can see. It would be good if I could actually make a friend here. In my youth I once smiled at a barista and my then bf looked like he'd lose his head. He was a quintuple Scorpio 12th houser. Oh well. I fell asleep in my chair waiting for the smoke break this morning and no one woke me! I woke up as they were coming back in. So it might be hard to make a friend here."
175984131,"I work a 9-6 job 5 days a week. The hardest part is getting quality sleep. My meds and my illness don't let me get good sleep, and for the better part of the last year and a half has been dedicated towards trying to get stable sleep. I need at least 10 hours of sleep a night, but I don't get tired until i've been up for 20 hours, so doing the math, I get up at 8am, go to work, get off at around 8, but if I go to bed at 9:50pm, with all my sleep meds, I feel tolerable. But if I can't fall asleep, then I can't get tired until 4:30am, and at that point, If I get 4 hours of sleep I feel worse than if I just stayed up, so I then just stay up and go to work. Once in awhile if im stressed or haven't gotten much sleep, or forgot my meds, then it's as if I'm pulled over on the autobahn and it sounds like cars are roaring past me."
175984132,"Hi there, You said - I do my best to support him and make him feel loved and nurtured. I don't feel burdened by this role, but sometimes I feel like its a full time job that I've taken on and have to always be careful what I say or do. (You are not responsible for his happiness. He is responsible for seeking the proper professional help and to find his happiness. you are responsible for your happiness) You said - I wish that just once I could make my own feelings a priority but I'm scared that the second I give myself that freedom his anxiety will go wild. His family and friends have never really tried to understand him or his struggle with his illness. (You are your priority. Period. Do you think you can fix him? Do you think in two years or five years he will change without help? No.) He has to first want to change and then do the work. Not you do the work for him. I think you should reconsider. Read some books by _PERSON_ Brown, Untamed by _NAME_, and More Myself by _NAME_. These books are all a
bout taking care of yourself first. We are taught as women that we are second and that is not the case. I am here if you need to talk more. Be strong. You deserve the best."
175984133,"I am so sqd and depressed that you guys would not load me back on snap. I need my support ! Help, please !!!"
175984134,i will take jumbled thoughts over racing ones any day
175984135,"Yep, I think me, too. I tried something similar and it worked great."
175984136,"I dropped off my rent yesterday and my legs weren't ready for that trek. They really HURT today, so I might not. I took some Ibuprofen, will wait and see if that helps."
175984137,"There’s a third Coronavirus case in Chicago, my dad asked if I wanted to go home to ride it out....I told him it’s going to probably spread everywhere anyway, that I’m just worried about supply chain stuff...ie enough food etc."
175984138,I’ve had some bourbon and watched some TV so I feel better. Mind doesn’t feel as busy. But I don’t know how much I can sleep. I might read. I read 50 pages of a book last night maybe I’ll read more tonight.
175984139,I haven’t weighed myself for quite awhile and it’s helped with my _NAME_. If you end up needing fillings or a root canal it’s better to get it out of the way then let it get worse. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984140,"can't sleep, feeling a bit manicy."
175984141,Welp gunshots out of nowhere. lol this time I AM in the ghetto... and those ARE gunshots
175984142,Thanks bb!!!
175984143,"I'll stop after this, but I did the ASD questionnaire on the autism Canada website and it says I scored High Risk of having ASD of some type. It's going to bug me until I ask my psych."
175984144,"I'm starting to get major anxiety before work now. I got it thursday and friday morning. And right now too, for tomorrow."
175984145,It was worth a try. I did it and it helped me calm down a bit. Sometimes what works for one doesn't work for another.
175984146,Outdid myself on dinner.
175984147,"I'm staying wrapped up in blankets with the cats and the heat on, it's freezing out. Will be a nice cozy reading day"
175984148,"Maybe I just need to get over my pill phobia, idk"
175984149,Hi Cashless - I am starting up lexapro after being off it for over a year. I think the anxiousness and shakiness is from the increase. Just my opinion as I'm experiencing some of that as well. I hope it starts to level out for you!
175984150,Scruples*
175984151,"My dad was having chest pains this morning so he and my Mom went to the ER. They ran some tests and they said it wasn't a heart attack but they are admitting him to the hospital for observation. I really hope he is going to be okay. I don't know what I would do without him. I came to work, but I think I should have called out and gone to the hospital with my Dad. _PERSON_"
175984152,That'll be awesome! For sure!
175984153,Showered Mostly clean clothes or partially clean clothes anyway perfume breakfast came to work
175984154,Might go for an hour walk in the woods after being drunk. Then take beta blocker for the heart. Gonna listen to podcast and music while I'm walking then sleep at 12am or something. I feel really alone. I am a lonely soul.. I miss my past.
175984155,"Playing a mix of Pokemon Gold (the OG one) and _NAME_: Link's Awakening DX. I'm about to face Champion _NAME_ in Pokemon Gold. Haven't gotten too far into Link's Awakening. I don't think I can justify buying the new Link's Awakening @ $59.99 on Switch. I mean, it's a great game and all, but $59.99 for a not first, but second remaster? I'd pay $39.99 tops."
175984156,Usually when I have like intrusive thoughts I don’t do the thing or even take steps...I’m glad it was plastic though. Still I would talk to your pdoc or T about those feelings.
175984157,"k, thanks, pal."
175984158,"cln777 said... I’m already on day 8 and now I’m feeling better but still a little bit anxious in thej mornings, afternoons are way better ...I guess is working Good news!"
175984159,I just buy frozen meatballs lol.....I’m sure yours will be even better though....Sounds like a fun day.
175984160,"I should call the vet. I just hope calling doesn’t cost me money because I lost my job and I don’t have much. She’s a big dog for her age. She may have some husky or blue heeler and shepherd in her. We’ve tried all sorts of chew toys but with her size and aggressive chewing, they literally tear up within seconds. We need like idk like a whole A*S tire for her. Or some extremely indestructible chew toy."
175984161,That’s awesome bluebird I’m so glad ?
175984162,I’m always someone’s last option.
175984163,"Lots of walks with your dogs, water, meditation/mindfulness, healthy food, sitting by the fan/air conditioner, no cigarettes/less vaping, reduce mental stress to deal with physical stress, no googling symptoms only ask the doctor, etc.. Helps me too But what's wrong?"
175984164,People laugh at me and then feel sorry for me. That's my life. I feel like even my whole family feels sorry for me. And my cat is still tripping since my bad trip. No one believes me. I wish at least one person believed me. I don't mind people laughing at me. I laugh at me. But the worst part is that people feel sorry for me. I'm not ****ing normal.
175984165,"The Trazodone has me agitated, so every antidepressant has done this, ridiculous"
175984166,Is it helping you at all? I hope so!
175984167,Also I've been making music again. As of yesterday. So that's a good sign.
175984168,"I know this sounds stupid but I want to get my cat and I friendship bracelets. Like her, a collar, and me a bracelet."
175984169,She'll cross that rainbow bridge and will be waiting for you when you do the same...
175984170,I feel bad for my nan. Last year she lost my grandad and now she's gonna lose her eldest son. He was born brain damaged so he lives in a care home but she visits all the time and he always smiles when he sees her.
175984171,"Hey guys! Just a reminder today Sunday, I am hosting a support group on zoom at 5pm eastern standard time! I’d love to see you all there! Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv Here is the log in information! Looking forward to meeting you all! Best, _NAME_ and _NAME_"
175984172,"Usually my Grandmother would say this ""I rather be fat and happy than skinny and depressed"""
175984173,Thank you so much Newtus!!
175984174,Maybe you could hide it under a table cloth? The work....oh look nothing to see here
175984175,"Just got back from mass, it was nice. DT, I said a prayer for you and your kitty, I hope that's alright"
175984176,"I had breakfast, took shower, cleaned my room, went grocery shopping, and did laundry and it’s only 11 am. I’m satisfied with myself today. There’s nothing to do anymore today besides dishes in the afternoon so I’m going to play the sims. I’m taking a break from painting too."
175984177,"Hi everybody. How is everyone today? I'm okay. Just working. Have a lot to do for the possible new buyers of the company. Kind of stressed. Didn't get enough sleep last night, so it's going to be a long day. Luckily I didn't feel too paranoid on my walk this morning. Haven't been having too many hallucinations so I guess I'm doing pretty good...I see my T on Monday. _PERSON_"
175984178,took meds
175984179,I figured the disinterest was a mask for something else or maybe a dissociative process.
175984180,"I went through it _NAME_. One day I felt good and it scared me. I was so use to having turmoil in my life and being depressed that feeling good scared me. I felt I didn't have that right. I know better now. Have a good day all! Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984181,Some days my anxiety feels like it’s running my life. I’m constantly worried about my health. I know I am a healthy 23 year old woman with no past history besides anxiety attacks. I feel like I’m always waiting for something bad to happen and can’t get my negative thoughts to stop. I often just feel like I am going crazy... please pray for my peace. Does anyone else feel like this?
175984182,lol... I've not been having very many good days lately. Sleep and I wake up just as bad if not worse depending on the dream. At least when I'm up I can just block out the voices with music and ignore the demons staring at me in the dark.
175984183,"Vyvanse withdrawal is ****ing brutal. I went through that in the hospital once, in 2013. I had been taking it exactly as prescribed and they tapered me off of it properly but it was STILL brutal anyways. Good **** that was bad. Even tapering off of it under medical supervision was bad, holy ****. And yep, the dystonia ... ****ing HELL man it sucked."
175984184,"Had a busy day. Orkin inspection, then went grocery shopping, then walked to the pharmacy to pick up my meds. Then I just had a meeting with my care manager. She said I look like I've lost a lot of weight and look good so that made me feel good. It was nice to see her in person. We met outside at one of the picnic tables. I talked to her about wanting to do some kind of volunteer work so she is going to help me find some. I got a bunch of healthy stuff at the grocery store. And they actually had hand sanitizer. I was shocked cause normally they've had zero for the past several months but they had a little display near the register that had a bunch of them, so I grabbed one while I could. The cashier was super nice."
174380471,They definitely see it as a last resort option as it can kill you but if it works then it’s a miracle drug......
175984185,Nothing wrong with that
175984186,Thank you for replying to me. I started to feel sad no one replied. Idk if this is a fuzzy time for me or if I really feel compelled to Possible trigger: die
175984187,"They let me sign out and go to _NAME_ Hortons and get a coffee. The Vyvanse withdrawal is bad - I take one in 20 minutes. I think if I wouldn't take one today, I would panic. Stimulants are good anti-anxiety meds no? =P _USER_ID_: I'll see if the Vyvanse does something and if it doesn't, I'm going down to 7.5mg of olanzepine if they let me. I feel really restless."
175984188,Today has been tough. I've managed to make it to the after part but most of the people have gone home now. My nan has been crying a lot today. I guess all I can do is be there for her.
175984189,"Yes, deep breathing and exercises has been the closest help."
175984190,Gnossienne No.3 by _NAME_
175984191,I had pizza for breakfast lol
175984192,"Thanks so much for your post. I know from personal experience of how scary and dibilitating it can be. I struggled for 15 years before I found something that changed my life. Since I was 20 i was diagnosed with major depression, anxiety, Panic attacks, insomnia, chronic headaches, stomach aches and general muscular pain. I tried probably around 25+ meds during that time and none of them relieved any symptoms at all. Finally a few years ago, my psychiatrist put me on Latuda and Trintellix. It took a while to work but when they did, I was the happiest I'd been since high school. I didnt know it then, but my new shrink finally explained I had a form of obsessive compulsive disorder (which I always thought of relatively washing your hands or something similar). But my major symptom was obsessive, obtrusive and unwanted thoughts that I couldn't control and my thoughts were always negative. One of my biggest fears was the death of ppl and pets I loved. My compulsulions were less frequent but were more ab
out checking to see if my cat was breathing several times each night. I obsessively overanalyze my family and friends and convince myself that they had depression, abused drugs, were lonely, had some illness that I didnt know about, etc. I also spent alot of time analyzing and reananalyzing my past and past relationships (especially as I lost more and more friends as a result of my mental health getting worse and worse) id go over and over what went wrong, why did it happen, who's fault it was. I'd lay awake for several nights at a time, obsessively thinking and bawling my eyes out. I couldn't think of anything else, so the ppl in my life got tired of me talking about the same things over and over. And eventually I couldn't handle it anymore so I took a bunch of pills them spent 10 days in a psych unit where they did NOTHING, no therapy, no talk about my meds. Mostly bc the hospital didnt have much of a psych ward so I was put in with addicts who had overdosed, and nearly died at the hospital then were sent t
o my ward. It's amazing how they almost died and were already making plans on how to get their next fix when they got out. Anyway sorry for blabbing...after I started on latuda (an atypical antipsychotic--that my dr said stopped my obsessions and compulsions) and trintellix (which helps with anxiety) several months later I just felt calm relief. _PERSON_ my obsessions fueled my major depression and anxiety, when they finally stopped I was content for the 1st time in 20 yrs. I dont use happy bc I still have multiple symptoms of depression and anxiety but I can think about something else and within 1-2 minutes I'm distracted from any negative thoughts. I used to cry everyday for hours. Now I might get tears in my eyes but I havent really cried in YEARS, even after the cat that I used to check his breathing all the time, died. I cried for 2 minutes then went to work. So maybe if my situation sounds similar to your you should talk to your doctor about obsessive thing, anxiety and the meds I mentioned So please re
member there is Hope, I promise. I found it after 20 years of suffering, but it doesn't have to be that long if you have the right diagnosis and actively participate in your treatment including what meds to be on. Your dr should be able to explain all of your meds, what they're for, and the pros and cons of each. If your unhappy he should give you other options to choose from. It's your life, you should activately participate in all your life choices especially your health. If you ever need to talk, vent or someone to distract you when your anxiety is overwhelming, I'm here for you. I hope my story helps. 1 last thing, if your thoughts are paranoid or your fears are about something very unlikely to happen or unrealistic like aliens are coming to get you or voices are telling you to do things you dont want or if God talks to u. Or if u experience auditory, visual or olfactory hallucinations, call your dr, a crisis team or er asap."
175984193,Ugh I cant sleep
175984194,Thanks for the new thread!
175984195,The book of Romans and the book of _NAME_ and the book of Psalm in the Bible.
175984196,Lunch sounds delish...is this your agoraphobia? Regardless sorry about the panic attack...hugs.
175984197,"I got 3 hours of sleep last night so I'll either panic in the evening when the Vyvanse wears off or sleep early. I hope it's the latterrrr If 15mg works, good. Better than 30mg right? Then slowly decrease by 3.75mg every 2 weeks .. or 4 weeks.. Whatever it takes.. Take the temazepam.. You'll be ok.. Analyze! But not too much overthinking.. I have to tell myself this too.. I'm caught in a trap..."
175984198,I like traveling abroad. The sound of a language that I don’t understand is peaceful.
175984199,Maybe the 10mg abilify is helping idk. I feel like I’m being watched still. I know I know I need to wait more than one day. I feel distracted and restless. I want to do all sorts of things but I’m stuck trying to focus on work. I slept pretty well last night. Meds are making me sleep at least so I’m not up all night like this. I still feel like my thoughts are being blocked and stolen and I’m destined for greatness. But I can recognize that it’s not logical. Ugh this sucks.
175984200,Proverbs out of the Bible
175984201,"I had 2 other adult teeth pulled out when I was younger to make room in my jaw for my other teeth coming in, that was done with novocain, but that was long before my panic disorder fully manifested So I've had teeth pulled both methods in the past, I just am afraid I'll start shaking and have a panic attack during it making the dentists job extremely difficult"
175984202,"Hi _USER_ID_. Have you been to a Psychiatrist for a prescript ion of Xanax? If not that is my suggestion. A Benzodiazepine (Xanax) is within their specialty. It is almost impossible to get a Benzo prescribed by any other type of Dr. nowadays. I have been using a Benzo (as needed) for 15 years. The changes made, and the difficulty in getting Opioids is why you are more than likely having a problem getting Xanax (no, Xanax is not an opioid). Drs. other than Psychiatrists simply do not want to prescribe Benzo's."
175984203,"I feel the same way with Father's Day. And all major holidays, really. It sucks."
175984204,I used to use that a long time ago. I just use my fitbit zip to track steps and calories burned now
175984205,I swear the days are going by slower and slower. I thought it was 11pm or so and it’s only 8:30 ugh
175984206,I used to have a cat that would steal loafs of bread and bags of muffins and carry them around the house
175984207,"Oh _PERSON_, my stomach is better today...."
175984208,"Morning, therapy today. Kinda nervous. The drowsiness of the zyprexa has gotten a lot better"
175984209,"I was reading 5 times slower yesterday on weed. The Vyvanse so far allows me to relax my mind and focus enough to read but I always feel like I need something to relax (Like a benzo) so I can physically lie on the couch and read. I was never much of a reader when I was a kid. When I had to read a novel, I'd read it in a few hours or days just to get it done and over with - But I wouldn't read for fun."
175984210,"I do feel miserable in the morning as well. My body just feels like lead. What helps me, is standing up, walking around at 1st with no direct aim, but starting doing minor things. Putting things in order. Slowly preparing breakfast. Drinking a coffee substitute with chocklate oat milk, feeding the cat, ASO. Beginning with little useful, self-effcient things and then it's quite easy to stark the bigger tasks. Of course I don't have a 9-to-5 job."
175984211,"I slowly could not tell the difference between truth and lies. I could not remember If I went to sleep. I awoke to find myself hearing the universe forcing me to accept being a cm. I lost the ability to play _USER_ID_ cake instantly. The universe said sleep in not real and so are emotions. Said a phrase in my head that trigger the universe to either give me a heart attack that keeps getting worse or chose the full blown option too end the pain . After choosi g the full blown option after getting the heart attack. I slowly lost the ability to sleep,my soul,conscience and even subconscious. I also Lost the ability to enjoy food a Nd drink.I can also not recognize hot or cold or pain. I was wondering If I am immortal now? Its weird to feel those thing leave you."
175984212,"Hard boiled eggs ? done ? Now time for a shower Attached Images 5209D82B-3A89-4577-8A63-F151740A2C49.jpg (197.8 KB, 10 views)"
175984213,"Trying to lose weight, it's difficult. I feel kind of disgusted with myself"
175984214,"Look, postal worker.. I know theres a virus.. but all you have to do is look for my Amazon pocket pill box in the mail bin.. But she kept looking on the computer.. ""No it's not here,,"" _PERSON_.. I'm just gonna put unorganized random pills in my locket then.."
175984215,"It sucks when it has to do with the heart.. ""Hyperawarenss of the heart syndrome"". I had it bad and was talking about my heart in every post on here when there is absolutely nothing wrong with my heart. I was put on a beta blocker to slow it down to 75bpm because I didn't like a resting heart rate of 90bpm. It's all insanity.. It's like the worst thing that has ever happened to me. I got a EKG about 20 times because I'd go to the ER and say ""Check my heart"" and they'd say ""You're just having a panic attack"" but they'd check it anyways and it'd be completely fine. I think it's because my mom has several heart conditions and I got paranoid."
175984216,Sleepy.. sleepy stimulant crash..
175984217,"Dear _PERSON_, I'm sorry to hear of the loss of your son. I've lost family members and friends - a lot - but grief still blindsides me when someone I know dies. I wonder if you had a funeral or memorial service for your son. This is just my opinion, but I think funerals - though difficult - allow us to grieve in the presence of loved ones, and makes us feel we are sharing in something so we won't feel so alone. I, too, have been puzzled by why I don't dream of my lost loved one, but those dreams do come eventually. In the Native American tradition, when you dream that your loved one is healthy again, that means he has gone to a good place and is happy. As others have said, please keep posting. I think it's so helpful. Love, Rich"
175984218,"I knew my robe wouldn't be back from laundry today. I need it for showering (going to and from the shower). Oh no, it just came! Hahaha!"
175984219,I feel like quitting graduate school and just pursuing creative things from now on... I am always too creatively drained from school to do anything I love.
175984220,"Which probably accounts for why millennials are facing that existential crisis in their twenties. _AT_MENTION_ I think we do have a choice, but we’ve been conditioned to believe that we don’t. Depression is now acceptable, and depressed people are to be tolerated as they are, as if they’re a social minority instead of being ill. We believe it’s inevitable, just like we once believed it was impossible to run a mile in less than four minutes. Once _NAME_ broke that concept in the fifties, people believed it was possible and now it’s the norm. Expectation is a powerful force. And that's the crux of the matter; we substitute truth for what we find makes us feel better. No one wants to take the red pill, because it feels crap, so we latch onto well established and widely accepted stories, because they make us feel better. Fundamentally, we know what death is like, because we experience it every night. In deep sleep, our consciousness, which makes us who we are, disappears, as the connections i
n our brains that make it work stop and the autonomic stuff that keeps us breathing keeps our bodies alive until something wakes us up and everything starts working again. Death is like deep sleep, except the body stops pumping."
175984221,Where is everyone?
175984222,"Ended up getting 3 hours of sleep total, better than nothing"
175984223,_PERSON_ said... Hi Mindfulness takes a while to master but is really worth the effort as imo it is the best thing you can do to reduce and manage anxiety so stick with it. _PERSON_-- What mindfulness practices do you use?
175984224,"Hi! I hope you are going to feel better fast! I I have had some experience with self-esteem issues and with feelings about myself and the way I look that are not reflected by the people that I interact with. I use my “toolbox” of ideas to help myself. One part of my toolbox is positive affirmations which I write down on lists and place on post-it notes on the fridge and cabinets. •. There are a lot of pleasures waiting for me to find them. • I have the courage to grow. •. I am patient and gentle with myself. •. I am not the disaster. The disaster happened, maybe long ago. That is a part of my past, but it’s not all that I am, not at all. •. I am learning and growing. •. There is good food to live for and butterflies to watch and maybe a friend to have. •. I have compassion for myself and the little child I was. And I use “interrupters,” which interrupt my thoughts and make me curious and calm me: •. What can I learn here? •. Whose life am I living anyway? •. I can use 
my breath and breathing to help me in this moment (exhale longer than inhalation.) •. Move, sway and swing, march gently in place, dance to a bit of soul music, pat your dog or kitty, move your body. •. Hug yourself. •. What can I do to enrich my life; what brings me joy? •. What do I need to do for me? What is the best thing for me? What is the right thing for me? •. How am I going to care for myself today? •. I write down what I am grateful for. •. I know I can do this; I have done it a thousand times before. I got this! (Your name here)’s got this! I found the podcast called “The Overwhelmed Brain “ to be a wonderful help for me. I’m still growing and learning. Wishing you many blessings!"
175984225,Oh and part of me just wonders if I should stay with the old pdoc but part of me doesn't. I hate being so confused about things!
175984226,"not today probably a good thing, I am in a lot of pain"
175984227,"I would love an Easter basket that was actually a new with Easter grass in it, chocolate rabbits, _NAME_ eggs, marshmallow and chocolate eggs, peeps, and beautiful little gifts of jewelry . The purse would be protected by a cellophane layer in the bottom of the purse. It would be a really wonderful gift for anyone who loves designer hand bags, chocolate and jewelry. I wish I could see my stuff, I'm really paranoid of someone going to my apartment and taking things from my collections. A charm bracelet is always fun, with a new charm."
175984228,Get phone holder so you can lie on your back and use the phone
175984229,_NAME_ for an hour. Making spicy Italian turkey sausage tonight
175984230,Tomorrow there will only be two people at my work! Me and one other person.
175984231,"Sounds like a blast _NAME_!!! I hope you have a good time. I haven't been to a fair in a long time. Especially one with animals and all that good stuff. Let us know how it goes. I will be looking forward to finding out! Have a good evening and a good week. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984232,Yerba mate is a decent alternative that works sometimes.
175984233,"My Dad made the cats a cat walk across the yard. There's rocks on one side and grass on the other and in between there was a cement ""hump"" for lack of a better word but rather narrow and the cats would try to balance walk across it and neither could do it very well so Dad added two rows of bricks across the yard so that the cats can walk on that. They seem to really like it. _NAME_ lays on it and _NAME_ walks across it like she is a princess."
175984234,"Watching all the good anime on Netflix. And lots of other shows too. Shameless, Criminal Minds, nature documentaries. so much good stuff"
175984235,I get my second Covid Shot this Sunday.
175984236,The world is an endless possibilities but will eventually end anyways. Everything must come to an end. Life is limited but death is forever. Not knowing what happens after death is scary. I can see why people are so afraid of death. The inevitable and the unknown.
175984237,"I didn’t realize what it was, I only knew my anxiety was changing somehow that I was having trouble driving especially any place new."
175984238,"Working on a graffiti style drawing Attached Images IMG_2505.jpg (356.7 KB, 13 views)"
175984239,"That sounds really nice. Most I do is eat meatless on Good Friday, and lamb on Easter Sunday lol."
175984240,I can't mentally picture what it would be like to have aphantasia. _PERSON_!
175984241,"No, I but I will tomorrow. Too dizzy today."
175984242,I am currently manic. I have so much energy. I want to go out and chop a chord of wood. I have been reading. I think that I will go back to cross stitch.
175984243,"Can you watch on your laptop, or is it just for TVs?"
175984244,_PERSON_ - Sing for the Moment
175984245,"I’m going to sit outside for awhile later. To get some fresh air , there’s a lot of nice little benches and tables around the apartment complex"
175984246,"As long as there are authoritarians in this world, there will be no world peace. This is why it is so important for the rest of us to speak up when we see evil. A free press and the exercise of free speech = freedom. Just my take. If we let the PRC, for example, take over the world, Islam will be outlawed and Christains will be imprisoned and tortured. Freedom is not free. It never has been. God bless the free world. And God bless the men and women willing to give their lives to protect our ability to speak our hearts and minds."
175984247,Found another game on switch about a teen boy who suffers from depression.
175984248,"Think I have 2-3 hours to fit in a dose of kratom or weed before bed.. Maybe watch Netflix. I wish to have a set up like Newtus when I move to the island. That + enough money to travel the world for the rest of my life = Set for life.. + Being off of antipsychotics too possibly. But honestly I really need the antipsychotics to sleep.. If I don't take an evening nap, my brain is toast.. Serious.. Need that deep brain rest."
175984249,I have the ebook....if your into receptors like d2 etc it’s awesome.
175984250,It’s sad that sometimes family members are just blood related strangers. I just had a cousin who I hadn’t met in 20 years came over a few days ago telling me how to do my life in less than 10 minutes after we talked.
175984251,"I just read an article and a lot of people who have ""recovered"" from Covid, their lungs, liver, and kidneys are still damaged. This is a wake up call to me. I'm going to stop drinking alcohol and start drinking water instead. I don't want to die, it's just a matter of time before I eventually get it I'm convinced, especially not that im back at work. The liver is restorative so it will get better. Plus, I think myy brain is getting chlorine which is giving me the headaches because my liver isn't doing it's job as well as it use to. I've been down to 2 beers a day for 2 weeks now. I can easily do no beers from now on. Tomorrow I'll get a aluminum water bottle, no I will order one from Amazon now. Gotta keep the ball of progress moving."
175984252,Hyperthyroidism Overview - Overactive thyroid makes too much thyroid hormone It’s probably from the thyroid medicine you’re taking. You didn’t have issues on geodon before....too much thyroid hormone and your hands shake etc.
175984253,"HT, Hey! Good to see ya! I don't feel she 'gets a grip' very well and just flies off the handle. I'm somewhat stoic, but may show my emotions on my face. However, I don't say too much about it. I feel she's had a solid plan in the past, but I'm not sure now. Listing her house, debt, her son, her ex, her mom, etc. are all things she's trying to tackle. She occasionally apologizes for stressing me out. She's also been on a negative kick about her appearance lately. I tell her there I see no problems, but guess that doesn't matter. She just has some splotchy skin. She's grown and not a teenager or 20 something, so I don't know what that's about."
175984254,Hi everyone. I'm just a bit frustrated and upset. I really hate the mixed messages that I get from people about life with MI. Is it just me or do you get that too? On one hand it's almost as if people say to reach for the stars because life doesn't end with mental illness. On the other it's like people say just don't reach too high because I'll always be limited in what I can accomplish. I don't know. I'm just feeling a little discouraged from a conversation I had earlier today. This person has a way of making me feel like I can't achieve any goal or dare to dream big. I'm also feeling aimless so that doesn't help. Oy.
175984255,Green tea
175984256,You just described my entire life. Hugs.
175984257,"Hi _NAME_, I feel bad because I may have said some negative comments about bipolar. I think it is only because some of the ones I know or have seen, don't take their medications. My mother was bipolar and so manipulative. But I also know that bipolar people can be very intelligent. And can do great things, especially if they use their bipolar tendencies constructively. Kind of like autistic people can be geniuses. I think it is a lot in the person and how they live with their situation. But if I did say anything negative, I am sorry. Just like depression in some ways. When I am depressed I paint. Problem is with my medications right now I am not depressed bad enough to paint. But I am thinking more and more about it so maybe I will work on some I started a few years ago. I hope you have a good day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984258,As much as I like my friend he’s really pissing me off with his “they only called a national emergency so everyone would be at home to fill out their census form and only 12 people have died worldwide “. I started to argue with him but it’s impossible. Wtf. Just makes me furious.
175984259,Morning! Home with my dogs...all is right in my world. While I’d rather be on vacation I really really missed my pups. Not much going on today. Going to see my guy very soon I hope . Other than that I just have to get ahold of Staples about my computer. Dropped it back off on Tuesday and I’ve heard nothing since Hope everyone has a good day.
175984260,"Sorry SP, will keep you guys in my prayers"
175984261,"_PERSON_ said... Can a psychiatric medication cause memory loss? I've never heard of that. But maybe it's possible. I don't know. Yes. With a little research we can see that the medications inhibit glutamate which is a major neurotransmitter in the brain. One of its main functions is related to memory. Many psychiatric disorders are related to the production of too much glutamate. But rather than regulating it, it appears the medications inhibit it which leads to the many side effects. I'm not totally against medications but long term use could pose some problems There are natural ways to regulate it as well though. Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 10/13/2019 10:44:34 PM (GMT-6)"
175984262,"Yes I took one in the morning, will take one again tomorrow night. I need to get a pretty shower curtain, I just have the liner now in my new apartment. I'll do that when I start decorating. There's some other thing's I'd like to get for the bathroom too. Like one of those suction caddies that sticks to the wall and can hold your shampoo bottles and whatnot. I need to get some nice lotions too, body scrubs, soaps"
174380565,"I'm noooo expert but my theory is that schizophrenia can do both slow and the opposite (To the point where you're talking complete nonsense). So basically if that is true, antipsychotics can lower the fast talking and balance the slow talking to normal or slow it down it even more. People seem to enjoy weed for the internalization of speech to thought (So you have racing philosophical thoughts but can't talk because you're too anxious from the thoughts) or increase speech in a person that is comfortable not imagining what they are going to say before they speak (No filter). Intelligent people plan out what they are doing before they make their move according to einstein (If I have x amount of days to complete something, I plan and wait until the last minute to decide) but intelligent people can also learn to have no filter as well. That's why anxiety is correlated with intelligence but also uncertainty"
175984263,Multiitask
175984264,"Emerging research suggests that how you spend your money can reflect aspects of your personality. Investigators analyzed over 2 million spending records from more than 2,000 individuals and discovered that spending patterns can be used to infer certain personality traits. Researchers discovered spending money in certain categories is associated with how materialistic a person may be or how much self-control they tend to have. “Now that most people spend their money electronically with billions of payment cards in circulation worldwide, we can study these spending patterns at scale like never before,” said Dr. _NAME_ of University College London, who co-led the research. “Our findings demonstrate for the first time that it is possible to predict people’s personality from their spending.” We all spend money on essential goods, such as food and housing, to fulfill basic needs, but we also spend money in ways that reflect aspects of who we are as individuals. https://psychcentral.com/news/201
9/07/18/spending-habits-often-align-with-personality/148737.html"
175984265,Yes I took my medications
175984266,I have a couple things there bookmarked I need to find the time and focus to read them. Philosophy of math is the one I’m most interested in.
175984267,My pdoc wants me to start taking risperdal 4 x a day again.
175984268,"I use lamictal, it is a foundation mood stabiliser, but it needs a main medication to boost it's efficacy. I feel it seems that combining a therapy based approach and using mindfulness techniques may assist you. Take a peek at the resources page here. To calm the mind might consider Abilify, i have used it. Many on the forums have. Lamictal takes a bit to kick, and it best to get bloods for it, you can. a MAOI is an older type med anti dep, but some dietary restrictions. No mania or psychosis, i would not consider Lithium. Got to watch ya Liver on it. Therapy, destraction techniques that work, i do music and air guitar with my walking stick! Have a mix of Bipolar and GAD, and the right meds, Keep strong. HT"
175984269,My controllers have shipped after 20 days
175984270,Hello. Waking up with a coffee. I'm too mentally fatigued.
175984271,"Awesome! _PERSON_ I know he's like a saint right?, in Catholicism? I got that book when I was taking philosophy at university. I dropped out but kept the book."
175984272,Yea I should actually. I’ll ask for that last one.
175984273,"I might throw my alprazolam away and keep 4x 0.5mg (In case I have a dissociative flashback - 3 of them can be used for a massive one with 1 left). I'm going to tell my doctor about this and if I use up the 2mg due to normal anxiety, he can prescribe again, 14x 5mg diazepam to taper off. Then he can prescribe 20x 1mg lorazepam for possible dissociative flashbacks. I should have just stayed under doctors supervision. But so far I have this all under control - I was just so damn scared of those panic attacks. I'll speak about this to him when I get the scar tissue on my shoulders looked at from the injections. I'll drink chamomile tea for regular anxiety instead because that works really well."
175984274,I'm dancing because we're supposed to be dancing. That's all we're supposed to do..
175984275,Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984276,"Yes, I'm very interested in that, thanks. I'm not sure I can watch it here though. (Because of the general mayhem.)"
175984277,"The thing is, that game is neverending, so we may not see you for weeks."
175984278,"Slept a lot, really tired. Still waiting to hear back about the medication dose question"
175984279,Feeling unsettled. Like panic coming. So I took the 10mg of olanzepine.
175984280,Good that you’re getting outside......
175984281,2 granny _NAME_ apples
175984282,People annoy me when they're over 25 and still act like they're 19. _PERSON_ when I was 19 I was a mess. Rightfully so.
175984283,So I ended up rescheduling my annual doctors appointment to another date. Things are too bad right now where I live with COVID-19.
175984284,"Yup, just took one. I'm interested in this thread because I can struggle with hygiene sometimes and I guess it's a common problem for people who deal with psychosis. I've tried to make my bathroom very inviting and this helps a lot."
175984285,I have a headache
175984286,"SP, I'm sorry you and your close ones are struggling. ((hugs)) Can you and your sister talk or text and talk about music and books? It focuses the conversation while also being important to life. Instead of flowers, maybe you could ask her if she wanted any book and give it it as a gift on kindle. You know what else she might love, a good audiobook so she doesn't have to focus so hard but casually listen. Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of _NAME_ Nutter, Witch by _NAME_ and _NAME_ is suppose to be hilarious and interesting, it would definitely keep her mind occupied. Has she read Name of the Wind yet? Being artsy is definitely a good idea. When I'm at my lowest, that's when I'm at my most creative. And listening to music while being creative is the second best, only bested by adding intoxication lol Divine madness is the best to get the creative juices flowing =) Without a box you could cook, that releases a lot of sensual experiences at once, so brownies? This is a good time to treat 
yourself right. If your boyfriend having sciatica issues, it sounds like it? I had that issue for a decade and then I found out daily stretches to ease it, and it worked like magic! I don't even do those exercises anymore and they still haven't felt any issues."
175984287,Thanks
175984288,"Yeah, that pretty much covers me. You have to at least try. Not in the rat race dog eat dog sense of it, but even with diminished capability, success can be achieved. It's not a ""lowering the bar"" type of thing, but rather an alternative kind of success. I ask myself ""Am I living the life I always wanted?"" In a way, yes. All I ever wanted was to be able to sequester myself with my music and films and books and stuff. Would I have liked to be a successful artist in some capacity? Sure, but with that comes a lot of obligation that could eventually be very detrimental to me. Even success brings sacrifice. Besides, here in America, the ""American Dream"" died by the time _NAME_ policies took hold 35 years ago, so all I'm missing is a lot of struggling."
175984289,Atomic Habits by _NAME_ Clear
175984290,I miss traveling. I feel at home when I’m around strangers.
175984291,"I'm gonna have Wednesday and Friday off of work this week plus Saturday and Sunday. My paycheck is going to suck but it will be nice to have a three day weekend. My work bought a supply of cloth face masks and gave everyone three. Plus my Mom made me three more, but one is at home soaking because I've been wearing that one."
175984292,Why am I awake now? Ugh.....
175984293,"Good morning _NAME_! Nighttime anxiety used to plague me also. All the worries of a lifetime, the weight of all of the injustices in the world, what will tomorrow bring? etc... Some things that helped me is positive affirmations mantras (seriously!) Something like,' I am calm, All is well, I am blessed.' said in the mind, repeatedly. Instead of a security blanket, I'd repeat these sort of mantras while holding a protective crystal in my hand until falling asleep. Realize this sounds corny but along with ashwaganda taken 1 hour before bed , I now sleep much better and the recurrent nightmares have stopped. You can take control of your mind. I stay away from the internet, news, crime shows, etc before bedtime, too! If there are specific issues that keep you anxious, you can take steps to correct them in the daytime. There was a lovely 6 hour youtube music video of Gregorian monks chanting with rain BUT they removed it! Sure there's similar calming music available. You can beat this with your own ment
al healing powers. This too shall pass. Have a blessed day...and night."
175984294,"_PERSON_, _PERSON_ here today but still a little brisk. It was suppose to be much warmer than this. I still went outside for a bit. Have a good rest of the day. Hello to all. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984295,"Thank you, Blue_Bird! It has been so stressful trying to get everything to work. My new phone is a freebie and kind of lacking in power. The touch screen gets frozen. But it's better than nothing. I almost switched to TMobile but the last time I called 611 the rep was so nice it melted my heart! He was going to send over someone from Walmart to help me set the phone up. But someone here found the Sim card on the cardboard and it wasn't necessary. Little by little it's coming together haha. It is wonderful to see you, and everyone here."
175984296,Benefits of reading: Benefits of Reading Books: For Your Physical and Mental Health I'm re-reading A Song of Ice and Fire series on my Kindle (the books Game of Thrones was based off of)
175984297,I’m freaking out I only have 5 days worth of medication and I’m sick
175984298,"Glad she was able to help, and great job with taking a shower! I'm sorry to hear about your mom"
175984299,Phenibut induced happy morning for me
175984300,"Wow, good post, Desoxyn."
175984301,"Peanuts a brown, brittle and taste like wood (Not good gift cuz people will be eating peanuts and be like ""Oh yeah SP got us this...""). But Applebees! cuz take out restaurant food is good and social people like food. They'll be like ""Yeah SP paid for this one"" then they talk about you and stuff while they're eating delicious teriaky chicken... But peanuts are still good. Different types of peanuts??? But expensive.. You should spend 25 on applebees and 25 in savings for other gift.. Remember.. _PERSON_ said if he has to decide, he'll wait 99% of the time deciding.."
175984302,Anyone have the WattPad app or wanna add me on WattPad(.com)?
175984303,Rereading _NAME_ and The Goblet of Fire
175984304,Sounds fantastic!
175984305,"Oh how things have changed A moment ago I was on a plane, drinking hot chocolate. Then I landed in the Canary Islands. I remember one exact moment.. I was like 11. I was in the back seat of the car.. We were driving to the grocery store. It was a hot day - Not a cloud in the sky. I remember san dunes and windmills, palm trees.. I had a thought - ""You'll be older.. This won't last. It will go by like a flash. This will be like a dream"". And here I am. I want to go back to those places. I want to travel the world. Another time when I was 16, I was swimming in a warm pool at night in Guatemala and above the grass on the left, there was fireflies... I never seen those before. On the right, there was the ocean. Behind me was a restaurant and hotel. In front of me was my grandmother sitting at the edge of the pool. She said ""One day you'll look back on this moment and it will seem like a really nice dream""."
175984306,"Was able to pick up cold meds I was prescribed, My cough is getting really bad , it's painful"
175984307,I felt like I am too but I may not get fully sick since I got my flu shot.
175984308,"Why does Ativan have to be so addicting? IT is the only med that truly calms my anxiety yet when I try to get off of it, it is almost debilitating!"
175984309,That’s how i am when I’m sick
175984310,"Honestly SK, I think you sound kind of psychotic. Demons aren’t real in the sense that they get into your head and tell you to do things. And they don’t appear either. Demons and angels don’t appear to people or speak to us. Thoughts can be wrong. Voices can be wrong. Perception falters and we hear and think and see things that aren’t real. Chemical imbalances mess with things. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175984311,Had a 1 hour mind rest. Reduced my brain waves to recharge.
175984312,I haven't been posting much on there the past month but I have had problems occasionally with things disappearing
175984313,"""Threes are self-assured, attractive, and charming. Ambitious, competent, and energetic, they can also be status-conscious and highly driven for advancement. They are diplomatic and poised, but can also be overly concerned with their image and what others think of them. They typically have problems with workaholism and competitiveness. At their Best: self-accepting, authentic, everything they seem to be—role models who inspire others."""
175984314,"Prayers going up, my friend"
175984315,I totally need to make one of those. Maybe this weekend! Thanks for sharing yours _AT_MENTION_
175984316,My dreams are so vivid every night that I'm starting to have trouble telling if my memories are real or just dreams. It's pretty cool. I should be lucky that I can get at least 10 hours of sleep every night.
175984317,"Hi _NAME_ Just another one here saying I understand. I have used alcohol periodically just to tamp down the unbearableness of my treatment-resistant bipolar disease. I’ve also lost my dad to alcoholism and watched my brothers painful decline the same way. Neither of them died young. And it wasn’t peaceful. They suffered for years, alcohol stripping them of their best gifts and making them chronically sick. It was heartbreaking. But, I repeat, I totally get what you’re saying. You just want some relief. We all want relief. Best, _PERSON_"
175984318,"I'm glad we helped you out, _NAME_!"
175984319,"Read an article about the importance of gut flora in the successful treatment of autism (and you know if Big Pharma ain't involved, it could be some time before word gets out, if at all): https://www.rt.com/news/456148-fecal-transplants-autism-breakthrough/ And can't help wondering about the relationship of healthy gut ecology to mental health in general: https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2018/11/03/gut-and-brain-connection.aspx https://drruscio.com/gut-brain-connection-dr-_NAME_/ A good place for probiotics is Vitacost.com (I recommend Jarrow brand products.): https://www.vitacost.com/ While you're reading such things, here's a story about a physician who had his career ruined by Big Pharma because he spoke out: https://www.bebee.com/producer/_AT_MENTION_/the-real-story-of-dr-_NAME_and_PERSON_by_NAME_ An international pharmaceutical company _NAME_ up a hit list of doctors who had to be 'neutralized': https://www.news.com.au/news/drug-company-_NAME_-up-doctor-hit-list/news-story/e
b55ca36e081d497730629e6c8559abf"
175984320,Air 1--it's a Christian radio station
175984321,"Hello my friend and welcome back! Of course I remember you! You have been through a lot in just 3 years. Of course losing your husband and the emotional trauma that his family put you through is negative and causes anxiety... ...but even positive changes such as getting married again and having a baby can register as anxiety. Sometimes our minds recognize all excitement...bad or good as a heightened emotional state which can be experienced as stress. You have a lot on your plate at the moment. It does often seem like life should slow down...I often feel the same. Taking time for yourself to decompress is crucial. Is your husband good about letting you get out on your own occasionally? How about just the two of you? Do you get date nights? All this will help. Are you also able to practice your coping skills? I think I remember you saying that you had been walking and that it had helped...so I hope you can find time for that and other anxiety management techniques. ...and as MMB mentioned...talking w
ith us here again can be a great outlet. So keep posting! Again welcome back....it is good to hear from you, and hope to talk to you soon! S.C."
175984322,"Yeah, I took my morning ones at 8am, will take my evening one at 6pm and night med at 8pm. I'm thinking maybe I should start eating something when I take my thorazine, it seems to be nausea I'm mistaking for hunger an hour after I take it. I'll try eating something with it tonight and see how that goes. None of my other meds require you to eat with them but everyone reacts differently I guess."
175984323,I’m going to try to sleep away the emotional pain. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984324,"So enough about the Soundtrack of _NAME_'s life, I'm going to post the soundtrack of the birds lives. They're doing their normal screaming and beeping that they do every day, all day, and I was going through my YouTube favorites, and I saw a performing bird, and I thought I'd play it for them. They fell silent IMMEDIATELY. It was like someone started playing _PERSON_. They all sat, perfectly still in admiration for this bird. A classic recording of a classic performer. Even now, they sit quietly, only munching on food. Here it is https://youtu.be/tyqYwHK99N8"
175984325,"The Story of Seasons/Harvest Moon series is great, I played some of the older ones on my 3DS"
175984326,"I've been playing Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns lately, really getting into it"
175984327,Had an actually decent day for the first time in a long while.
175984328,"Awesome! That's weird that nestle had a recall, what was wrong with them? I need to get more chocolate chips (semisweet) I'm craving a classic chocolate chip cookie"
175984329,Cool.........
175984330,"Ah that's good to know. Last time I tried it, I had only done it for like a few weeks."
175984331,"_AT_MENTION_ , I hope you'll feel better soon. Have you run out of meds, namely the ap?"
175984332,"I think of myself as a burden. Because I have a mental illness. I cannot work because I rely on my insurance to get my medicine every month. I feel like if I could work I could help my mom and dad paying the bills for the house. I can put money to the side for a rainy day or emergencies. I also help my mom take care of my twin sister. She also has a mental illness. I even help my mom take care of my niece. She is 10 years old and has autism. I feel like it's a lot of work sometimes. I have a learning disability as well. I don't remember what my learning disability is called but I can read, write, and basic math. I cannot really manage money that well."
175984333,So much psychological and emotional pain in my wake and my dreams
175984334,Unfortunately when I first start relaxing it’s like all the stress swims over me.....did some retail therapy...ordered a couple of face masks that have flowers yay. They go with the blouse I have for my interview.
175984335,"Hi hope all is well, Could I ask you two questions, when you have moments of brain _PERSON_ would you experience a sort of dizziness beforehand and blue lights being flashed momentarily in your sight, and a _USER_ID_ confusion, along with loss of memory. Two, when you have moments of Tinnitus would it accompany a sharp pain within your ear canal, and sound like an Audiogram hearing test where you press the button at the moment you hear the tonal sounds being played. Hearing Test - YouTube Please take the time to listen to the types of tones, this would accompany pressure within your ear canal, which causes sharp shabbing pain."
175984336,Te for soul and spirit. (INFP/ISFP). What this is? Artist?
175984337,You're so filthy.
175984338,How do you read so fast? And how do you have the ability to focus on a book for so long?
175984339,My brain don’t like me. It’s self distracting.
175984340,I’m stating to get hungry but don’t want to eat anything in case I puke or something......sometimes I get so nervous with this stuff.
175984341,"Desoxyn, that's a crazy video... I could never watch something like that."
175984342,Thank you _AT_MENTION_
175984343,"Oh wow, that's scary SP! I hope she will be okay until Monday. That sounds really scary."
175984344,Having one of my dissociating panic attacks again. Have to figure out how to snap out of these
175984345,I may have to try it then
175984346,"That is your illness trying to harm you, _PERSON_. Don't listen to it Hugs."
174380641,"People in a state of significant depression suffer the same issues. My pdoc says it is prefrontal cortex that can be fixed sometimes by tweaking the Abilify dose, since it has that unusual partial agonist thingy going on, or the Provigl/Nuvigil category of non-euphira inducing stimulants, or the Adderall family. I just upped my Abilify to a couple different levels from 10 to try to create this for myself and it has not worked."
175984347,"Don’t give up, you’re not hopeless at all."
175984348,I’m just worried my doctor is going to be disappointed with me when I talk to him on Monday.
175984349,Freaking smoking cigarettes again
175984350,That is worse than having no help I would think !! How long u have struggled. I’m at 52 years of it. Having bpd has it positives too. I try to feel better by acknowledging those more. One day we will finally have rest. Peace. Acceptance. Till then take care of urself the best u can.
175984351,Ptsd and cptsd
175984352,"So sorry, Job."
175984353,"You say, ""I am curious about others who started off with severe anxiety which led to Bipolar diagnosis. I don't see much about this, maybe sometime we don't recognize the extent of our disorder"" Do you feel you've gone from being anxious to being bipolar? The Mayoclinic.org says bipolar is ""a mental health condition that causes extreme mood swings that include emotional highs (mania or hypomania) and lows (depression). ""When you become depressed, you may feel sad or hopeless and lose interest or pleasure in most activities. When your mood shifts to mania or hypomania (less extreme than mania), you may feel euphoric, full of energy or unusually irritable. These mood swings can affect sleep, energy, activity, judgment, behavior and the ability to think clearly."" And says anxiety disorder is ""intense, excessive and persistent worry and fear about everyday situations. Often, anxiety disorders involve repeated episodes of sudden feelings of intense anxiety and fear or terror that reach a peak with
in minutes (panic attacks). ""These feelings of anxiety and panic interfere with daily activities, are difficult to control, are out of proportion to the actual danger and can last a long time. You may avoid places or situations to prevent these feelings. Symptoms may start during childhood or the teen years and continue into adulthood."" Which do you think you might be?"
175984354,"Hello, I am a 26 year old female and since 2012, have been through a lot of medical trauma involving cancer. I am clean and in remission, although I do deal with an abundance of long term effects I am currently trying to work through. I have been battling depression honestly since I can remember, but it has been magnified ever since my medical trauma happened. On a daily basis, I feel totally alone and unrelatable. While other people my age were attending college, making friends and getting into relationships, I was in and out of the hospital with severe complications for 2 and a half years. Not to mention the time it takes to even begin recovering from that. I hope not to sound ungrateful that I made it through all of that. I still can't believe I did to this day. Sometimes I still feel in shock. However as I mentioned, I feel isolated and alone because I have not had anyone to talk to or bond with who understands this kind of loneliness. I so desperately wish to make friends and bond more with pe
ople, but it seems to be incredibly difficult and I always end up feeling estranged. So sorry for the ramble. To anyone who read this entire thing, thank you. I appreciate your time. And if anything, I would also like for others dealing with this to know that they are not alone out there."
175984355,"Yeah, I was considering that. I initially lost 10 lbs and now I seem stuck around 160lbs no matter what I do, it's just stayed within a lb or two of that the past few months. It could definitely be a lot worse, I weighed a LOT more when I was on Invega."
175984356,"Ask Jesus for help, read the bible, follow God's plan for your life."
175984357,I got a headache
175984358,yes Cholls thanks
175984359,My dr prescribed propranolol to help with the constant anxiety/panic since I don't want to rely on the klonopin 24/7. I've taken it years ago and it helped. Picking it up tomorrow
175984360,"I hope I don’t sound weird, but anyone else have a phobia of toilets/bathrooms? If the bathroom or toilet is even a little dirty, it makes me scared, anxious, and nauseous. If I use the bathroom in someone’s house or my place or public, the bathroom needs to be extremely extremely clean or I won’t even use it. I’ll go somewhere where it’s clean. And not even just toilets. _PERSON_ left toothpaste in the sink and I couldn’t use the bathroom just now. All I could about is how disgusting the bathroom was because of that. Also, when I’m done I run or at least hurry out the bathroom. Idk why I’m like this."
175984361,"So the next movie has female _PERSON_ with _NAME_ as bond if that makes sense, he retired as _PERSON_."
174380665,Cool. I think that's a good idea.
175984362,"I'm so happy. Not sure why, it's nice though"
174380666,"I'm doing all right. I found some interesting discussions in one of my PC social groups. I wasn't able to finish contributing, so I'm looking forward to that for tomorrow."
175984363,I don’t have advice. But I know how you feel. My physical pain stems from emotional pain that I’m enduring. I want the anxiety and my thoughts to stop so I physically cause suffering through many means. Some are productive like working out or going for a run. Sometimes I resort to alcohol and Weed when things get bad. I stopped cutting myself since it made some family members question where the cuts came from and I was embarrassed to tell them the truth. I’m not sure where your self destruction comes from exactly but there can be more productive outlets if you take the time to seek them out.
175984364,_PERSON_!!! Love it!
175984365,"I made my sims people I Knew, there was a certain appeal to seeing some of them get into situations"
174380672,"Perhaps you've already read these... but just in case you haven't already seen them here are links to 4 articles, from PC's archives, on the subject of schizoaffective disorder: Schizoaffective Disorder Symptoms Schizoaffective Disorder Treatment Living with Schizoaffective Disorder Living with Schizoaffective Disorder: Myths, Facts, and Prospects"
175984366,Morning! Getting ready to head off with _PERSON_. I think I’ll bring her shopping today. I have to return a pair of shorts and the store is right next to The Paper Store...Grams favorite. So I think we’ll do that after breakfast. It’ll kill some time too. I cannot just sit at the kitchen table and stare at her. Sucks because her eyesight is so bad. She has macular degeneration and is now legally blind. Pretty sure she said she can only see black shadows out of her right eye. I do not want to get old. Other than that just going to see my guy and his wife for a few. It’s going to be very hot with thunderstorms today. That’s about it for me.
175984367,I almost bought (the other day) a book called The Prescriber's Guide by Dr. _NAME_. It's like the psychiatrist's reference manual for psych drugs. I honestly secretly wish I had it.
175984368,"Okay I played Graveyard keeper for like an hour tonight, really cool game"
175984369,"I know right? I literally have the best boss in the world, but also everybody at this company gets to do that. They value mental health a lot. My boss said to leave and come back later because I need my rest and I look very tired. I told her I was up til 4am stressing out about the move. She knows it's very stressful. Shes 25 years old. I looked at my eyes and they are super baggy looking and black under my eyes from not sleeping. That's probably what she meant by I look very tired. And I called the apt complex. They told us the apartment isnt gonna be ready to be seen til Thursday or Wednesday. Which really really upsets me. She told me friday that it should be ready to view on monday or Tuesday. So now idk what to do, I'm not signing that lease til we see it. I'm gonna tell her that. She wanted us to sign the lease over the weekend through online portal and then we can see it Tuesday. Now it's a whole different story. Pisses me off. I work Wednesday and Thursday...and so does _NAME_. We had plann
ed seeing it Tuesday cuz he gets off at 1:30pm then. Oh well."
175984370,Morning Had 2 gulps of coffee and I feel nauseous. I dont think I can drink coffee anymore. Idk why. Maybe the acidity of the coffee hurts my stomach. Idk what to do to get that morning energy. I cant do creamer cuz lactose intolerance.
175984371,Yes I just got 100% on one of my bigger assignments yay!
175984372,"Here’s a pic of some of the ingredients in the vegetable shrimp pasta salad I made today. There’s also tri colored rotini and ranch in it but that’s not pictured Attached Images C98CAA16-1E0D-4D36-B05F-155CC00A22EC.jpg (234.5 KB, 9 views)"
174380670,"Hi, I’m not sure if I’m doing this right. But here it goes. I have a loved one who is paranoid schizophrenic. Like everyone’s life, this is a long and convoluted story. Unfortunately it has not been a happy story. And I find this dear soul in jail waiting to be transferred to a mental hospital. We will call him _NAME_. Before the incident that put him in jail, we texted and talked regularly. _NAME_ has been off meds for a year. And has been in his room for three months, seldom coming out. Having a very hard time with truth and reality. We have tried to get help several times with no luck. My question is, now that he is made to take medication will he remember all our talks? I have been writing him in jail. His letter to me are the same as our talks and texts. But he has only been on meds for a week. I want to encourage him, and be a friend someone he can talk to without feeling pressure. So, what is it like to be paranoid schizophrenic on and off medication? What can I expect as he continues 
his medicine? As of today he hasn’t said he is schizophrenic he just shares how everyone is out to get him etc. He did tell me he is being made to take meds because they think he is crazy and it is the only way he can get out of that place. Some very traumatic and horrible things happens to put him in jail. He is one of the kindest people I know. And this isn’t him. But once on medication will he remember things like they really are or like he thought they were? Will he see the past with a new insight or remember the past as he saw it in a schizophrenic mind? Any insight would be very helpful. Thank you."
175984373,"It's more 'on my mind' rather than 'soundtrack to my life,' so I'm posting here. Do I prefer Godsmack's Voodoo or Voodoo Too? I adore snakes, so maybe I prefer the first one. Voodoo Voodoo Too"
175984374,Yeah cuz she understands mental health. But I felt like I was being too dark idk. I lose sight of reality and get too serious about my issues. Way too serious.
175984375,That plus eating healthier and exercising
175984376,Oh man that totally sucks. Is this a biweekly garnishment? That’s crippling if so and they absolutely need to adjust that. _PERSON_ I’m so sorry DT.
175984377,I don't want to get stabbed. And on Sundays. All the weirdos come out on Sundays.
175984378,"Thanks for your response, _PERSON_. What dose of Zoloft were you on? Did you have to slowly taper off it after 6-8 months? How was that? Did you switch to another SSRI, or just go without meds? You may be right that I will have to give it another couple of weeks to see how it goes. I am luck that, thus far, I have not had other side effects (GI, sexual, etc.). But the sleep interference is pretty challenging to deal with."
175984379,"""Hell Week involves waking soldiers up to gunfire on a Sunday and forcing them to exercise, jump in cold water, and go without sleep until Friday. A gargantuan challenge by any measure. But why Tuesday? Sunday, you are woken up to machinegun fire. All through the night you run, you carry rafts, you get yelled at. You jump in freezing water. You shiver. You eat. Monday morning, it continues. The cold water, exercise, grueling log lifts, runs into the waves. There are constant mentally challenging exercises with specific instructions that, when not followed with precision, result in punishment exercises. All through Monday afternoon this continues. It then rolls into Monday night. On and through the night, as other people sleep in their warm bed, you shiver, your arms burn, your back hurts, your legs begin to feel like stiff boards from the running. This mashup of misery has become your reality. Tuesday rolls around. You are legit tired, more tired than you’ve ever been. You do some mental calenda
r notes. I am this tired now. We aren’t even halfway done. Friday is a long, long way away. And I am so, so tired. On Tuesday, the task in front of you looks impossible. Guys start feeling sorry for themselves. They start thinking about how hard it all is, how much it hurts, how tired they are. There is a lot of bell ringing (quitting) on Tuesday. The tactic my dad and others used? Focus on each exercise, one drill at a time. Don’t look any further than that. Don’t think about Friday, don’t think about tomorrow, don’t think about an hour from now. Just stay in the now. One small task at a time. You can extend this to many of the most common things we all struggle with: Gym: just focus on putting your shoes on. One foot. Then the other foot. See how that goes. After that, get your keys and get in your car. Then just focus on starting the car, driving, getting to the gym. Studying: just go sit at your desk. Open the book and see what happens. Read a sentence or two. See how it goes. Then a paragraph. 
If you can narrow your field of vision down to just a few moments ahead of you, you can lower the mental weight of the obstacle. This tactic is wickedly effective at weakening the perceived barriers that cause procrastination and laziness."""
175984380,My friend left. I didnt get my writers subscription box. They must've misplaced the key to the larger mailboxes or forgotten to put the key in my mailbox. Oh well. I was really looking forward to that.
175984381,The pain is going away. I took 400mg of ibuprofen and 8mg of codeine/300mg acetaminophen. Idk why I'm so inflamed all the time. Lack of deep sleep.
175984382,I had a hallucination with pain.
175984383,I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending prayers for your family.
175984384,"Desoxyn, you talk about heart issues a lot. Have you had your heart tested? Also, have you had that dna test where you can figure out which meds you can go on and which meds you can't?"
175984385,Spirits are bothering me again. I need to ignore them. And the agitation. Want to Possible trigger: rip my face off Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984386,"I take mine at night too. Honestly if I didn't have Vyvanse, I'd probably sleep all day. I don't know if I would even be able to work."
175984387,"I think 5mg is a very low dose. But if it’s working for you, that’s great."
175984388,"yeah i agree. i try to focus on my symptoms and what i can do to alleviate each one, or at least learn how to cope with them and still be able to function. i dont think psychology is an absolute science. it cant be. its all theoretical. i view diagnoses as mainly just a tool for insurance billing. which in the USA thats pretty much all its for"
175984389,_PERSON_ I finished question 2 of my assignment! Question three is a doozy though and I think I need more caffeine to focus and I'm all out of energy drinks.
175984390,I have the next 4 days of meals planned out
175984391,"I'm heading into my 2nd year on Stardew Valley, I just started actively playing it again, it's awesome, love the Sims too!"
175984392,_PERSON_ and _PERSON_
175984393,"Describe yourself honestly. People like to date people who are positive and fun and has things going on in their life. I've learned that the hard way. Meaning, everyone that I've had interest in have a lot going on in their lives and their like super positive about life. I'm not trying to be make u upset or weary. It's just even my fiance is like that. Hes always doing stuff either with friends. Friends mostly. Hes always talking to people and is positive about life. And he told me recently he doesnt like that I'm always depressed and sad. So I'm gonna have to really work my butt off to do things in my life that are positive. You know what I mean? Like getting activities and hobbies and make some friends. Depression is like a turn off for most people."
175984394,I know it’s so hard but I personally know I can’t come off any meds Possible trigger: I almost wanted to hurt myself last night but didn’t. Probably need more meds
175984395,I’m so beyond mentally broken right now
175984396,"Thought I'd repost this as I am still trying to get to grips with the tech, and thought someone upon this forum may have an understanding of how this works and be able to explain it in simple terms. I know it's some kind of wireless body area network that acts as a trunk radio live stream of user's comments. It could be used as a way to share live events or intell upon the targeted person in real-time. Hopefully, some of you will understand how this transmits."
175984397,That's nice of her!
174380711,"Even though I didnt like my last clinic, they had a 24 hr place u could goto in town that you'd stay there if you dont feel safe. You can check yourself out too if wanted. Do they have one there erti?"
175984398,Went and spent the day with my friend. We watched Jurassic Park and played videogames
175984399,"My first question is: does your husband acknowledge/realize the way he's been doing things is inappropriate? If he's on board with wanting the help he should ask for an alternative medication. His anxiety is either that much worse, or he's gotten himself in a cycle of abuse and/or tolerance. Either situation means he should stop the Xanax. If the switch helps and he goes back to taking meds as prescribed....great. If not, then he has a bigger problem that will require treatment itself. If he's in denial about the situation/thinking he doesn't have a problem...then he has a big one and it might be time to think about mentioning to someone that he's taking more than his daily allotted dose. Getting it from others could get him in big trouble lawfully so mentioning that would be a last result for you I'm sure. But if down the line things get worse, it's better to play that card and save his life."
175984400,You're being manipulated and don't even know it | _PERSON_ | TEDxYouth@Basel - YouTube
175984401,"I've been reading the writings of a troll on a philosophy forum the past few days. I realize that this person is negative as hell. Just because he/she seems like a genius, - It's still negativity. I got suckered once again. It's hard for me to even be around overly positive people in my life as well like my mom and her friends. I'm right in the middle."
175984402,"Thank you for your kind words. I had a long talk with our doctor yesterday, who referred us to the hospital's financial aid office, and another doctor (same hospital) in a nearby town, who's both an MD and a specialist in behavioral medicine, who she thinks might be better able to help her. Meds will be a hard sell; she's deeply distrustful of Big Pharma (not entirely without reason, IMO), and is notorious for filling _PERSON_, but then refusing to take them. Her head injury's been evaluated and they stated in their summary that she would need ongoing support indefinitely (apparently, that's me). I've been trying to get her application for Medicare filled out on-line, but without success. I briefly took her out on the lake to see the changing leaves; we were too late light-wise, but she did get to see the _USER_ID_, and at least take a bit of fresh air. Before 5:00 AM and my first cup of coffee this morning, she greeted me with commentary on how our malevolent neighbors are eavesdropping on all of 
our conversations, the mysterious signals from the street light down the lane, and how ""they"" are now manipulating the motion sensor security lights I had installed in a vain attempt to help her feel safe...so begins my day. At least her physical symptoms don't seem too bad this morning. May peace be with you."
175984403,"It's just a thing that happens. There's alway many ways to get better.. just not knowing how.. How are other people well? Their brains are working properly.. You can't give up. Keep surviving. Maybe you don't have the proper treatment team, the right meds, something bad happened to you which you're currently thinking about.. and then there's the maintaining on top of all of those things like taking care of yourself mentally and physically like anyone else would. It's a load of crap that you need to think about on top of mental illness and how to deal with it and be better (But you're just maintaining not going off into the deep end). It's a lot of work. Then people judge you for what you do and you have thoughts of outside forces playing you like a game. Everything can be really beautiful, calm, awakening and full of life experience. No one wants to die when the afterlife is a mystery or whether or not it even exists.. if it doesn't exist, then everything that is your ego is what wants to stay aliv
e and the only thing that makes you want to die is the pain. It can feel like when you're in the state of feeling dysphoric and having paranoia and delusions that you'll be this way forever with periods of just being ""OK"" in between so like, ""Is it worth it?"". It always is. It's not a choice because you never know if you're dead. Try doing things to distract yourself (Coping mechanisms) like making tea, just sitting down and thinking even though it's agony because your brain is trying to figure things out along with the chemical imbalance. Depression and psychosis is a form of addiction because you're always constantly stuck in a loop, feeding off itself. If there was a way to reset the brain to default mode, you'd see that everything that you are can be changed. We're constantly changing and you don't have to be stuck in the hell that you're in."
175984404,"He has a really friendly cat named _PERSON_, I hadn't seen him in a long time, he definitely grew. Was nice to see both of them"
175984405,How are you doing today? Just a note that I’m thinking of you
175984406,"There is so much that is out of our control with the virus crisis; I'm focusing on the basics that I can control. I'm doing regular exercises at home every day. I'm eating well, following the American Heart Association dietary guidelines. And I'm getting sufficient quality sleep. I continue to take citalopram (40 mg) for GAD as I have for the past 10 years."
175984407,"Hey! It’s been a long time! I’ve been doing a lot better and am in the middle of getting a grad degree. Anxiety is still there, but mostly life is good. Coping skills work! I have a temporary problem that I feel a little silly bringing up. I got food poisoning and it’s been super triggering because the nausea/vomiting/overheating/etc. feels a lot like when I used to have severe anxiety all the time. I’m using all my coping skills and I realize this will go away soon- but I’m having trouble dealing right now. I barely slept last night because I literally woke up throwing up and I haven’t been able to nap much because I’m anxious RE: physical symptoms. I’ve spent most of the day either trying to take a bath to calm down, sitting in front of a fan while my body switches between being too hot and too cold, and just generally feeling anxious, miserable, and like it’s 5 years ago. Any advice for coping skills when you’re physically feeling crappy and anxiety is high? Thanks! _PERSON_"
174380708,"Quite frankly, I am not doing really wonderful at the moment. But if you only knew how important all of you are to me!!"
175984408,Watched The Polar Express tonight
175984409,"I actually know of many of them, haven't played them but I've seen good reviews on a bunch of the ones you have"
175984410,"Sorry you're struggling with the delusion SK, it's very hard to recognize it when you're in the midst of experiencing it"
175984411,"Under 10 hours until the morning vape! They switched me back to Group 2. Maybe they switched the cute guy to Group 1 lol. My friend only got me 30 mls of the menthol vape, and 2 30 mls of cinnamon roll. No caramel apple. Oh well, I'll try again next time. For now, I'll be vaping my menthol fruit flavor in mere hours! Yay!"
175984412,"I talked to my doctor (my GP, not psych, though he works in the mental health clinic with my psych and therapist) He is going to have them schedule me a physical and a pap smear. Plus we're gonna see about me getting the rest of the HPV vaccines, I only got the 1st one."
175984414,"I'm actually not sleeping too badly. Maybe a little less than usual and waking up a little more, but it's not like I'm staying awake for days or anything. I think the meds are helping with that part."
175984415,"Doing better today. Trying to build habits and stuff, organize my notes. I'll try to wake up and get everything out of the way every day. Still feel useless though. I still feel sad."
175984416,Yes. I wish that for you too. My latest favorite way to stay present and not obsess with my stuff This website offers many meditations https://www.oo.academy/ And this app has them https://apps.apple.com/us/app/breathing-room-meditation/id_PHONE_NO_ I’ve just been through let’s say the dark night of the soul.... deep depression. And this has helped me feel connected again and finally some energy to move forward on my path rather than treading water and exhausted. Good luck. ?????
174380737,Really!! Wowzer. Most of what I had heard just anecdotally about it was that it was absolute trash. Just goes to show.. Thanks a million!!
175984417,Yeah for me my mind was unsettled.. Like I was craving something.. I was thinking of taking a benzo to settle me but benzos are bad and it wouldn't work.. Olanzepine would just make me sleepy.. Maybe a Dexedrine would work but my doctor says he won't prescribe because I then won't sleep at night.. So I bought junk food... Now I'm just browsing through youtube while eating junk food..
175984418,"I've been cooking a lot. I recently made peanut butter fudge, the day before yesterday I made that crockpot recipe, tomorrow I'm making tacos, Friday I'm making homemade chocolate chip cookies"
175984419,"My care manager brought me my Christmas gift today, these 2 adult coloring books: Attached Images Coloringbooks.jpg (274.4 KB, 8 views)"
175984420,I perceive the voices in my head and outside my head. My interior voice is a feminine voice with whom I have a dialogue. The feminine voice is perceived from the right side and the automaton voice is perceived from the left side.
175984421,"We do have a much smaller population, and there’s a way different approach to handling between US and Canada. Canada has had 314,000 cases total with 11,000 deaths but America is doing way worse and should do way more."
175984422,Yes it is time for an upgrade! Add me on Xbox when u can. I’ll message u my name. Now we can play games together!
175984423,Saw this. Thought it was funny and cute.
175984424,6 lb in 3 weeks is really good. Usually people can only lose 1 lb. a week.
175984425,"I'm sorry you deal with that too I'm trying to change the negative things into positive affirmations, it's hard sometimes though. But I guess I'll keep trying"
175984426,Making baked chicken breasts and sautéed garlic spinach for dinner
175984427,"She will never give you what you need from her. She loves you but her love language is different with yours. If I were you I’d still call her but I’d keep the conversation shallow to avoid conflicts. I know it hurts when people that we love don’t understand us, especially if they’re our parents"
175984428,"I keep thinking about something. Is it really true that boredom and lack of motivation cause us to have motivation later? I don't know if the link is so strong. People sometimes say that opposites cause each other. I just wonder if that's true. Because then, it wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have motivation now because I will get it later on. I think I push myself really hard to do things. Anyway, that has been on my mind..."
175984429,Hope it gets better BB!
175984430,Who ever they are yes
175984431,Sign language is no use for me as I can speak for people's but i can't hear also people don't know how to use sign language and mostly people don't want to waste their time by writing something on their phone so I can understand what thy are saying... I was very comfortable till my 22 but now hallucinations type voices occupied my mind that driving me mad and before miracle happen I think I will become completely mad person
175984432,Oooooh yea I saw that. So sad
175984433,I'm thinking caffeine isn't a good thing for me right now. I had an energy drink to keep studying and it made me kind of shaky. So annoyed.
175984434,Yes I am going to try my best to enjoy each other for now. It's crazy. The anxiety comes and goes in waves. Sometimes I don't feel it for days... sometimes weeks.. etc...
175984435,"Got the polar dough into the fridge.....one of the balls seems a little dry, I’m not sure what to add like just water or milk, molasses or egg... I remember now why I rarely make cookies, I just have a little hand mixer and not one of those fancy ones with the paddle, the engine threatened to die quite a few times...."
175984436,That's wonderful!
175984437,Can’t they do a video or phone visit?
175984438,"This is what I ate today. Now about to have a cup of black coffee Attached Images 73F605AD-CA25-4861-9656-D922FF8CAF75.png (80.9 KB, 6 views)"
175984439,Or the lady who Is obviously tweaking and standing in line in front of you at the grocery store that has filled an entire shopping carriage with bags of candy and Greek yogurt of all things. Or the guy who just moved to the east coast from New Mexico and is having a full on meltdown over the fact the Mexican food selection isn’t up to par...
175984440,Yeah you're right. I get wrapped up in the weight obsession due to my _NAME_ and don't think logically sometimes.
175984441,Have an appointment with my therapist in about 2 hours Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984442,"So I have been waking up lately with just a feeling of hatred toward myself. It’s getting to the point that I just want to be a different person and can’t look in the mirror. I constantly think of my past and how much of a fool I’ve made of myself on multiple occasions. I have bipolar disorder but the meds don’t seem to help, so I am seeking to work on my mental health. Are there any groups or resources that would help with that?"
175984443,"A few months ago, I decided that I wanted to call a local sports radio station during their morning show and give my opinion as a caller on the New England Patriots, my favorite NFL team. A few days ago, I finally did it. I called up and asked the hosts of the show about how they felt one of the _PERSON_ linebackers played last year. It went well. My parents heard me on the radio. They said I sounded good over the air and that I asked a good question. I was a little bit nervous before getting on the air. But nothing major. I'm glad I did it. I think it'll be a new hobby for me."
175984444,Have never heard that term before.
175984445,Hopefully your safe. Did you go to the hospital?
175984446,"Well. I had a productive day. So I’m allowing myself some internet time. I had no problems with the dose increase last night. So yay! Tomorrow I’m going grocery shopping just need to get: orange juice, spicy guacamole, a sweet potato, a regular potato, 3 bags of frozen veggies, fresh bag of spinach, and turkey lunch meat."
175984447,Not necessarily. Their are personality types with no apparent mental illness that do this. Yes in mania with bi polar...yes in high stress...and in non bi polar related psychosis. Telling someone truthfully to take a breath is a positive self response to realize this. But yes more compassion is needed. HT
175984448,I hope so. I don’t good understand stress. If I can get out pain I’ll be better.
175984449,"I haven't been eating for a while and if I have I throw it up afterwards, I'm worried I might have an eating disorder. Does anyone know what I could do to substitute throwing up my food?"
175984450,Just had a lemon-lime Gatorade
175984451,Yes I have had this before it scares me.
175984452,Cleaned and vacuumed my room. I'm gonna watch Netflix.
175984453,I'm breaking down mentally and emotionally. My thoughts are just worthless thoughts. They belong to the system. I hate everything and love everything. Everything sucks. If only I had guidance instead of wondering through life aimlessly. I'm very distressed as usual. My happy thoughts don't last long. They're just reflections of insight to move crap thoughts forward.
175984454,Yummer!......
175984455,"I was on the Lexapro really to help my social anxiety that was causing some dissociation. It was a risk, but it was helping my anxiety along with talking with my psychologist."
175984456,Yeah they changed me to 0.5mg clonazepam twice a day as needed instead of the 0.25mg of alprazolam that I suggested.. The Vyvanse is wearing off and I'm starting to feel a little zoned out. If it gets any worse then I'll take a KPIN.. But at least tonight I'll have a good sleep (10mg olanzepine and a zopiclone) will def knock me out. _USER_ID_: I feel slightly better after eating dinner.. Might watch a movie or documentary or something.. I'll have to take a break in between watching.. Walk down the hallways..
175984457,Maybe if I try to reduce stress and anxiety it'll help.
175984458,"I'm sorry I failed to report for a while but I didn't fail to take my Rx. This morning I haven't taken anything yet, but I will."
175984459,"It is really the rule in bp 1 for patients to feel they should d/c their meds. happens 8 katrillion time a day. All teh time. And people do it. They stop everything, thinking they are cured. In your case, if it is zombification, then, you rpdoc should be able to address that. Being zombified is not something you should have to put up with. Maybe a lower Xanax dose worth a shot? Hugs!!!!"
175984460,Idk why but I'm nauseous I feel like it's the geodon interacting with the coffee. Ever since I started geodon I can barely drink any coffee or alcohol.
175984461,"I say don't reach out, but don't cut off. If they reach out to you, take it case by case and don't respond too fast or say too much. Forgiveness is something you do for yourself, do it for you if that's what you want, not for them or even your daughter. Letting go of wrongs done is harder if you make it about them. It's more all about how you want to live your life."
175984462,"there's been limited research on using massive doses of fish oil in 'at risk' populations. i think they had good results (?), but...i don't know much about that study, sorry."
175984463,"Yeah, I have to renew my license but since I have to renew it I am trying to get the REAL ID so I can fly if I need to. I haven't flown since like the mid 2000's but you never know! I've been invited to NY after the pandemic is over so I will need to be able to fly. It's a little complicated because I don't have utilities and stuff in my name. So I have to come up with other documents that prove where I live. So I am going to use a paycheck and my tax return and see if that works. Along with my birth certificate and social security card. They don't make this easy. If I can't get this then I'll just get a passport. I'll need one for Ethiopia anyway when I go there in a few years."
174380799,"I was about to start a thread asking people to share their delusions but I found there already is one. My delusions are very similar to the one's had by the person who began this thread: I thought I was at the center of an FBI investigation and also thought I was being monitored in real time by cameras in my apartment and via satellite. Everywhere I went I thought I was being technology-stalked. While I was in the hospital, I thought everyone there was some kind of undercover FBI agent. But the delusion is that all these people are trying to help me, not hurt me. It's been difficult for me because I was actually stalked at by someone whose been gaslighting me. I have to sort out what was real from what was delusional, caused by the trauma of that situation. My delusions appear to be from PTSD more than schizophrenia or bipolar disorder."
175984464,My sister's birthday is next week. I'm gonna make homemade chocolate chip cookies for her
175984465,Happy Easter everyone I hope you have a great day!
175984466,Is it possible the cold has flipped your mood....I think sometimes triggers can be pretty random like that....
175984467,Hey morning Yesterday was AMAZING!!! The furniture store was beyond the most amazing place I've ever been. It was much better than ikea. Apparently they only have like 6 of these stores in the usa. So glad one is here. And then we went to Rooms To Go after...this indian employee tried to swindle us out of our money. We saw a whole living room set for 1800. He checked both our credit and said we are only approved for 1500. I should've known something was wrong then because when we got the mattress we were approved for like 4200. Credit I mean. But then somehow the price of the set went up to 2400. He said they would need 900 upfront. We walked out of there immediately. It was super weird too because he was turning the computer away from us when he was typing. And then fiance went to go have a cig and the guy was like telling me I need to stay in the store. And then when we called the finance part of the store on the phone he had it on speaker but was lower his ear to the phone so only he could hear t
hem. I was beyond pissed when I left cuz he already hit my credit doing a check. Shoulda left much earlier. And the Halloween party....yea...um I was so fckin nervous...people kept asking me if I was ok. I didnt feel comfortable. People just kept staring at me cuz I was staring into space cuz I was uncomfortable. I just wanted to go home. I couldn't get on my phone cuz it was at 3 percent all night and I was an hour away from home.
175984468,"I see...that can be hard to dive back into the past like that, but it might also help you resolve some things. I really think that the T’s often think they know more than us and that they’re somehow immune to the experience of MI, even though it can happen to anyone. My T at least took the perspective of not being an expert. Of course as we know MI can happen to anyone so they are not immune. Pdocs have always been less emotional with me but they still have strange rules, not the least of which is not recognizing that every one is different due in part to genetics. The fact that thy think they can classify based on symptoms is itself a bit off. Covid and the flu would be the same under their style of classification so we’d never have a cure."
175984469,_NAME_ - #41
175984470,"My tooth is hurting again. I went up to the only dentist that says they are open on Saturday. But their door was locked. I called when I was there and called when I got back home, but no answer. On their door it says open on Saturday but on a separate sign on their door it says closed Saturday. But on their voicemail it says open. So idk what to do. It hurts, and I dont want to wait til monday cuz that's a long time and I have to work on monday."
175984471,Welp...looks like I’m not getting leather _PERSON_ found basically the same car with cloth instead of leather for a bit less money and only 12k in miles. He’s putting a deposit down tonight and I’ll go drive it tomorrow. If I like it he’ll pick it up on the way home.
175984472,Do you want to join snap again? I only ask cuz pc has been dead but a lot of people on snap if u need to talk to someone.
175984473,"Hello, My anxiety has been very high lately. It is frustrating because I have been exercising and trying to do things right. There is a small trip coming up and I had an argument with my sister and it seems that little things can really aggravate symptoms. I also have GERD so I guess it does not help at all. How do you guys relax with the physical pain? I feel like I may die at any minute and I get scared. I just want to hear your thoughts about this. Thanks."
175984474,"Lavender chamomile tea, two 3 packs of sugar free gum, and a sesame chicken lean cuisine"
175984475,"I don't like my moms new bf. My mom is basically Possible trigger: starving herself so she can be really skinny and drinking too much alcohol She's almost 60 and is becoming a narcissist and wanting to look young and defy aging or fight the natural life fact that we get old. She can't do this because she has severe heart conditions. Last week my sister had to drive home and get her beta blocker because she was feeling dizzy from staying up until 5am, drinking, walking too far when I said to turn back - She doesn't listen. To be fair she has cancer although she just wants me to remember her as a complete mess because idk if she'll make it to 60. I need to get out of here and make a life for myself sooner than I thought. I can't tell my dad because he makes her upset by not wanting to give her money. My sister is going to go to university - Good for her. I wish I didn't have to Possible trigger: walk out of class and tell the principal that I wanted to walk in front of a truck I'm sitting her listeni
ng to depressing music while she talks to a man - Who I was going to without a doubt, knock out if he walked out the door while I was in psychosis - But he didn't. He stayed inside. My doctor says that I should relax with the meds and that he let me be in control and has known me for over 2 years. I don't like that attitude. I'm going to make an appointment with my psychiatrist. So far I'm almost on the right meds - Thanks to my intuition and insight. I fear that stimulant abuse recked my heart because if I stay up for 24 hours, it beats fast and I need sleep for it to function properly. I don't know how long I'll live either. I want to call my therapist tomorrow and make a time to talk to her when my mom isn't here. Whenever I want to talk to my therapist, I have nothing to say. Usually when I have a lot of thoughts, it's at night. I'm not going hiking with my mom tomorrow. I can't be around her girlfriends making the weirdest sexual comments around me and reckless drinking and prescription pill use etc.. Po
ssible trigger: Like that woman always doing cocaine in my bathroom next to my room This is just a fling of life and the mountains and scenery don't look so great to me when I've been a victim of neglect and mind control for her immigrant bf (Who I had to call ""Step dad"") wins the lottery and leaves after he gets his Canadian citizenship. I'm going to see if I can get an apartment, work part time, go to school and have good friends Possible trigger: (That aren't influencing drug dealers, psychopathic pedos, crack heads, etc - Like in the hospital and live a normal life - Able to research on the computer in a quiet room and exercise physically and my mind, etc. I need to really learn to stick to these goals, set my boundaries, stand up for myself, learn to say no and be assertive - Which is harder than it sounds for me."
175984476,"Read, play games, watch stuff on Youtube and Netflix, listen to music and think, write in my journal, do artwork"
175984477,It feels sharp like steel wool too....
175984478,"I got a solid two hours of schoolwork done today, which is good, because I've been putting things off lately. I have a fair amount more to do on this paper for this class I'm taking right now. I don't know what my estimate for the remaining time is on the paper. Anyway, I am listening to Man's Search for Meaning (book) by _PERSON_ right now and it's pretty interesting. It talks about logotherapy, which is basically therapy in finding meaning in life. I would recommend the book."
175984479,_PERSON_ - You're Never Over
175984480,"For lunch I am eating leftovers from dinner last night: chicken, rice, veggies, and peaches."
175984481,I went to bed and lied there from 1am-5am. Had racing thoughts. I'm not sure what that was about. I took an extra half zopiclone and half clonazepam and finally fell asleep. Could be nicotine withdrawal. I think the nicotine withdrawal is pretty much over now though.
175984482,Did you get a chance to play bunny day in acnh? Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175984483,I've heard of it! lol I'm putting it on my list =]
175984484,Yes the good place is so fun ?
175984485,Groceries in the store Toilet paper and a few things off amazon: protein pancake mix maple syrup decaf coffee
175984486,CASH!!! the man in black singing _NAME_ with his lovely wife YouTube
175984487,very sleepy from this med
175984488,Yes bluebird! How are you feeling today? No more than 2 cups of coffee today ok?
175984489,We’re still on patio seating here...Ive gotta do Laundry today too...it’s always a competition here though so it will be much later tonight. Bfs mom washes like two loads every day....I have no idea where she gets so much to wash.
175984490,_NAME_ salad with salsa ranch dressing
175984491,"Confession went well. I was extremely nervous but felt a lot better afterward, I've been trying to get myself to go for so long, I hadn't been since October and I wasn't going to mass regularly cause I lost touch with my faith and also due to anxiety. The more I avoided going the harder it became to go and eventually I just stopped. But I'm glad to begin practicing my faith again and continue for the rest of my life, there was a big difference when it was missing"
175984492,Oatmeal w/ almond milk. Didn't eat much of anything all day now all the sudden I'm super hungry
175984493,"Wow you come across very genuine. If connection is what you need keep doing what you are doing. I would love to read some of your poetry. May I? I write as well. Usually I put it to music. It's difficult to share, but I will if you do. Openly here or via email. Anything you share I will keep totally confidential. My love, My support, crazing 8"
175984494,If today isn’t the craziest mfn day.
175984495,"I really do that too from time to time. But please don't torture yourself for it. Every human being does that. It's just some do it and never think about it again but some ruminate. One of the drs I talked before taught me a practical thing to do when I notice that I start ruminating. I just play the scene in my mind but this time instead of myself, I put another person I know in the same situation. And then see how I would think/feel about that person. And see the difference. Treat yourself good"
175984496,Thanks man. How old are you if you wish. Iam 29 right now and feel like unlucky.
175984497,Oh yeah me too. I don’t do therapy. I prefer the meds. I accept this as the trade off for my mental health. All in all it’s worth it. I am able to enjoy things. It’s just vastly different.
175984498,"I everyone, I am new here. I struggle with a phobia of doctors, social anxiety and depression. I have had a really awful year. I really need support."
175984499,"I just wanted to say I think you are all wonderful. I got Lyme when I was 20 years old. In my 60's now. No one knew what it was back then. I had panic/anxiety attacks the likes of which I hope none of you ever experience. No one could find anything wrong. No mental issues, no physical issues...You all know the story. But you guys found a way to persevere. Your all wonderful! I love the fact you are also not afraid to talk about it. Your all inspirations to me."
175984500,Just had a piece of _NAME_ pie.
175984501,"D., You are very welcome! Do keep posting with us if you find it helpful! S.C."
175984502,I’ve been wearing my university hoodie obsessively. I just bought a work hoodie that has the company logo on it. Should have it delivered on Monday.
175984503,I took my med as soon as I woke up.
175984504,I’m excited to put money on my credit card. Payday today! I had to buy a few things like dog food and the dog licence so I’m not able to completely pay off my one credit card this month but pretty damn close!
175984505,Which one? _PERSON_
175984506,600mg of seroquel is pretty high as a dose maybe u could try cutting it in half to 300mg?
175984507,Dinner was a turkey burger and brussels sprouts
175984508,"I felt the same way, for me the lack of feelings made me unable to understand what made them disappear, but now as i started feeling again i kind of get why i stopped feeling, i forgot how hard it was. I wanted to share my answer for some reason"
175984509,I dont wanna goto that poetry jam tonight anymore.
175984510,"When I dated a psychologist at UofM she would do cognitive therapy. There was one young girl who was horrified of water. So she would gradually interduce her to something wet, then washing hands, then ect… until she had the courage to dunk her head into water. I forgot the specific treatment name though... does anybody know the name of this type of therapy?"
175984511,"Hi Everyone. Popping in to say hey. I'm super tired today. I was stressed all weekend. I sent the owner some ""upward feedback"" and then freaked out. Upward feedback isn't always appreciated. I did the whole, here is what I think the problem is, here is what I think we can do about it, here is what I think we are doing good at. Blah. But I was still worried. Talked to her today and she seemed to appreciate it so that's good. Went to Disneyland this weekend. Went solo though. Spent 6 hours in the car and 7 at the park. So tired. Then and now. I'm like dude I just want to sleep. I have Pastor T tonight, Regular T tomorrow night and then I don't know when I am going to see either one. That sort of freaks me out. I was having hallucinations a lot this weekend. I'm so tired. I""m at 35 days though no SH, so that's pretty good. Proud of myself for that. I keep getting cold in my office then hot in my office. Lame. Can't find a temperature that I like. So many people are out right now because they are ta
king time off for the holidays. That's cool but I gotta fill in for one girl and I don't know exactly everything she does. So kind of stressful which makes me tired. Took two xanax this morning but they should have worn off by now. Just want to sleep. HUGS all _PERSON_"
175984512,"I just have to meditate, pray, and practice mindfulness as much as possible and I’ll be okay."
175984513,"I have a VERY BIG FEAR of breast cancer. I am 38 years old (39 next month), I am high risk for breast cancer due to family history and I believe all the biopsies I had were self driven due to anxiety. I have been begging my breast surgeon for a mastectomy but she thinks I am being too aggressive. Anyway I have an appt with her Nov 18 to go over details regarding it again. This is my main problem. I have two kids and desperately want a third. I have been pushing it off for five years now due to this immense fear of breast cancer that rules my everyday life. Everyday (meaning it consumes my thoughts non stop). Its ridiculous. I am on wellbutrin now I think i is helping a little but not a lot. Every year that passes I look back and see how quickly it went and I get this horrible feeling like WOW I could have gotten pregnant this year and had a baby by now and look I am just fine so far. But of course that though gets quickly overtaken with the thought that my pregnancy could trigger a breast cancer (i
t does increase chances, but not as significantly as my mind has made it out to be. I get angry with myself that I have pushed it off this much and I feel like it will be a huge regret that I will not be able to overcome. I know I sound so ridiculous but it weighs on my mind alot. Also what if I do get pregnant? Can I deal with the breast pain that is associated with pregnancy for 9 months and the horrible horrible thoughts of BC that would be running through my mind??? What would you guys do? Im so conflicted about this? Has anyone gone through this before (may not specifically breast cancer but something similar? Please help me."
175984514,"Have you spoken to a gastro recently? Maybe different medications could help Or Not that steroids are a great option but they might be able to help you get through this flare. Do you have a self care toolbox you can turn to to give you a mental health break? meds can’t do everything, they can just be one of the many things that we use to help get through it. When my mom was hospitalized more recently, ( things are very up and down and never know what to expect) I spent a lot of time using the “Calm” app for relaxing sounds and things to help me get through rough evenings, especially when I felt too worn down for anything else."
175984515,Thank you!!!
175984516,"My first dream, I was in the hospital with my mom and she was drinking. The doctors said I had cerebral palsy which in my dream meant that I had cancer in my intestines? I woke up after an operation. Second dream was sitting on the beach listening to music. It was beautiful.. I was just sitting there for what felt like 10 minutes. It was so real. I ended up in a super structure water park that was run by weird people. All of my friends were like ""Don't register over there"" but I did.. I talked to two women that seemed like they were the YouTuber ""_PERSON_"" and I got in. Third dream I was playing soccer and scored like 10 goals. The intricacy of my moves felt so real. It was raining. Anyways now to go get a haircut.."
175984517,I was supposed to be working on my social anxiety and challenging myself to go out to restaurants and being in public. Guess not now! Lmao. At least this will help me save money for school now.
175984518,I can’t bring myself to paint or draw these last few days. Probably I’m having PMS idk
175984519,"I'll try and make an effort to work harder on achieving good mental health tomorrow. It's just hard with dysphoria, lack of motivation and anhedonia. I'm feeling really good right now - I always do right before I go to sleep. I don't know why. I feel like I'm not enough."
175984520,hey be very careful to keep _PERSON_ away from the lillies. they are extremely toxic to cats
175984521,"I sent u my friend code on snap, falcon!"
175984522,_PERSON_ by _NAME_
175984523,"? Getting up earlier doesn't do much. Having to get up early and watching the clock pass is the reason why I want to be able to sleep to begin with. Watching the clock pass from 8 hours of sleep left down to 7, 6, 5, 4, 3... knowing I had to get up soon. It's something I need to work on and I'm familiar with a variety of things I should/could take into account - from behavioural, psychological, pharmaceutical, natural remedies, etc. It's not a new issue for me. I've experienced it on and off my whole life. ? As for the practicum, it's not some fancy corporation job. It's ""frontline"" work with disadvantaged populations and I'm not getting paid for the practicum and it's unlikely they'll have any jobs open when I'm done. It is a nonprofit organization and they wouldn't be willing to pay my gas 45 minutes there and 45 back (and reasonably so). It would have been good because it's a resource center for street entrenched individuals. ^ So I'd have been given a chance to gain a greater level of experie
nce in working with homeless/street: addicts, mentally ill, survival sex trade workers, people with intellectual disabilities and brain injuries, people who've been institutionalized within the justice system and now struggle with reintegrating into society (behaviours, jobs and keeping a place to live), etc. I'd get a chance to watch/learn how to have boundaries with and best ways to interact with the individuals, and how to deal with conflicts (when to try to de-escalate and when to call the police), learn in a supported environment first hand experience narcaning (I've been taught how but I've never had to do that for anyone. I have been myself though when I was 19 or 20 even though it wasn't even heroin - just a bunch of oxys). It would have been good preparation for the direction I think I want to go in. That being said, it's not exactly a one-in-a-life-time opportunity. ? As for supervisor, I can genuinely struggle to get along with people. Setting myself up for something that could make me look bad (wh
en I get fed up), isn't in my - or anyone's - best interest. ^ One of my current goals (in my real life) is trying not to get fed up and blow up my bridges. It's not easy for me. ? What I'm also noticing is, that I apparently don't like having to communicate things that people won't like unless they (by being assholes or showing they don't value me) ""deserve"" it. ? I'm also partially being resentful / blaming / self-pitying because I was put through $#%^ that really re-traumatized me for no valid reason (professors' incompetence and their getting off on emotional appeal) which led me to step back from my work which is leads me to have less money which leads me to not be able to do what I want or planned. I'm also fully aware it's not actually their fault - I'm just having a bit of a temper tantrum. ^ Which builds because I'm living in a city I don't like and I'm feeling restricted. I'll be moving back to my happy place in the next year or two though. I'm actually pretty good at figuring things out for mysel
f; it was just on my mind, so I decided to place it here because it's kind of a big deal, but not worth talking to anyone about. (That's a lie = I'm planning to develop the willingness to make an appointment with my psychologist any day now). Thank you for the concern though. Gosh, I believe I'm all talked out about myself now - I wish there was a tired emoji!"
175984524,My sister gave me a bunch of clementines so I'm gonna try incorporating them into some of my smoothies.
175984525,Also my short term memory is getting f***_NAME_ by benzos. I need to stop!
175984526,"Hey _PERSON_, I got my flu shot too! I got it on Wednesday at CVS. Then I went to Target with my Mom later on Wednesday and they were walking around asking people if they needed a flu shot so my Mom got her's there and now my Dad just needs to get his!"
175984527,I'm taking crazy drawing requests!
174380897,Triggers- How to stop being triggered (PTSD and Trauma Recovery #1) - YouTube I was watching the clip of _NAME_ of the butt monkey and I heard “are you ready for a can of whoop ***..which triggered a negative tactile. The scene reminds me of rape that gave me ptsd when my family didn’t believe my story. It punishes me for their non belief because my mind can’t stand that they don’t trust me...or I guess I’m punishing myself because I can’t let it go..so leaves me really really unbalanced even if I Know It happened.
175984528,I am not feeling particularly bad today. That is good. I am glad about that. I hope everyone is having a decent day.
175984529,Possible trigger: I think an online friend from a different forum had committed suicide. I'm worried for him.
175984530,I don’t know what to do sometimes when I’m bored...
175984531,"I want chocolate. But I gave up chocolate/candy/coffee etc for lent This is gonna be a long 47 days. Well, 45 left."
175984532,"medicaid in my state is pretty bad, if it's covered it's free but they don't cover a lot of meds."
175984533,"I have a lot of anxiety at work trying to get many things done at once. Its not extreme anxiety. Just makes my stomach hurt. I try to do several jobs at 1 time to keep up. Some days it flows really well and other days I'm swamped. At home I hate when I am reading, watch TV or just thinking about stuff. And someone distracts me or wants my attention just really fustrates me and I need away to deal with it."
175984534,whats dmt like?
175984535,"Resurrected for _PERSON_. Now that some time has passed, I see that I buried the thought that originally inspired this thread: that schizoids are said to remain calm in adverse situations. I suspect that when faced with a tragedy or danger, most people briefly filter their response through emotion. Many are able to compartmentalize (if that's the correct word) their emotions to the point where they are able to react to the situation aptly, but there will always be those who, when faced with fear or adversity, are triggered by and therefore stuck in a loop of hysterical emotional response. Schizoids would be the antithesis of this."
175984536,"I'm looking forward to tomorrow, as tomorrow here in the U.S. is Thanksgiving day. I will spend Thanksgiving with several members of my family. Happy Thanksgiving to all Americans on HealingWell.com."
175984537,3 bras and 6 pairs of underpands....lol
175984538,"Work: I am mostly working from home, rarely going back to the office to get something. Shopping: My biggest fear is going to grocery stores and Walmart to buy essential items. I wear a disposable mask and a pair of disposable gloves when shopping. But I still have a lot of worries when I go shopping. I have never tried grocery delivery service, because I am not sure about the quality. Food: If I go to a restaurant and order a take-out, I will still have face-to-face encounter with someone within 6 feet. I have not tried a drive through window yet. The person who hands me the food through the window could be infected too, right? How about the container of the food? How do you cope?"
175984539,I am also having trouble getting myself to do things. I think mostly because I'm not getting enough sleep. So the answer for me is probably to try to get more sleep. But how do I do that?
175984540,Played Animal Crossing when I started having a panic attack and it helped
175984541,I did go to that Farmer's Market earlier today. I thought the Celtic band playing there was pretty good.
175984542,Fallin' Like Dominoes by _NAME_ (1975)
175984543,Nvm ignore I'm just freaking out I'm sure I'm fine. Just a little stressed out because of my mom.
175984544,Peanut butter Strawberry jam Bread A KitKat bar
175984545,Little _NAME_ zebra cakes
175984546,"yes i understand. I can't really remember my life without being delusioned or bothered by something although i was able to work some of my life. I had really good employers who allowed me to get the treatment that kept me stable. I am a bit better than i used to be i started going in and out of hospitals in the 80s to present although i am getting close to 2 yrs without an inpatient stay. I have a good team of ppl who work with me now and help me when i get overwhelmed. Ha i remember at 10 yrs old seeing monkeys on adults heads and it made me smile, i don't have such harmless things anymore but it is an ok memory from long ago."
175984547,"Years ago, I was seeing a therapist who I was not completely happy with. One problem I had with her is that our therapy sessions, which were scheduled for one hour per session, usually only lasted thirty minutes or so. Part of why that was the case was because she didn't have a lot of advice to give. She'd give me a little bit of advice, and I'd be thinking, ""Yeah, keep going, I need more advice than just that."" Another reason we often didn't use up the full hour was because, if I was feeling well and didn't have anything bothering me that day, she wouldn't talk to me about issues that I was still trying to deal with. I've worked with other counselors who would discuss with me about my issues, even if I was doing fine emotionally during some of those sessions. For example, if I was doing well during a therapy session, the therapist would say that it was good that I was doing well, but let's work on your mental health issues that you're still dealing with. And then we would talk about those issues 
for the full hour. However, this one therapist wouldn't do that. I believe that's a problem, because I think I would have made more progress with my issues if each session with this therapist had actually lasted for a full hour. Furthermore, if I had a child with mental illness and he/she was seeing a child therapist in which the sessions which were scheduled for one hour only lasted thirty minutes, I wouldn't be too happy with that either. Seeing a therapist is good for lots of people. But if a therapy session is supposed to last one hour, it should actually last the whole hour, I think."
175984548,"Just drinking some iced tea. Tejava iced tea. I always bring Tea from home when I go to work, but then I drink it and I want more, so then I break out a bottle of Tejava. I drink a lot of tea."
175984549,Those were my toenails. You nicked my big toe and now my shoe is filled with blood. On the bus to your house right now to leave bloody footprints all over your mom's carpet and blame it on you.
175984550,I tried playing guitar but my fingers hurt
175984551,Good start with the meds. After a bit try to instill anpther step. Keep . HT I do admire you not throwing the marriage....this level of love i fully respect. HT
175984552,"Using my Thoughts and Feelings: Taking Control of Your Moods and Your Life workbook. I'm working on my agoraphobic tendencies which have flared up recently, and getting mobilized (adding different types of activities to my day)"
175984553,"Forget her , you are a better person and your feelings are valid .you need to control them not act on them . Easier said than done . Sounds like this person needs some help but not from you . Move on get to know what you believes and wants of life to save yourself first ."
175984554,no not today
175984555,"Number 1...see a new psychiatrist and counselor. Number 2...remember that this pandemic is overwhelming, especially to those who suffer with anxiety and depression. Number 3...get dressed for the day and eat a healthy breakfast nothing fancy. Number 4...do the breathing excercises and walk around your residence of living. Number 5...if you are able to get outside, then do so. Number 6...you are not alone even when it feels like you can't do it. There are so many people who are in the same boat, but different kinds. Each person is unique: you are unique and worthy, tell yourself whenever you become o overwhelmed. Number 7...Kel_Texes is right about dealing with the issues which have caused you to have darker moods. Try to remember when this started...taking baby steps to get out of the hole you are in at this moment. Inspire.com has many groups you can join, so if you are dealing with darker moods, then post what your feeling. I pray that this will help, and by no means do you have to follow them...
these are just suggestions."
175984556,Share it!
175984557,Sometimes we lose interest in doing things. We are all going through things and sometimes we need a break from things. It might be a blessing to take a break. Just remember to get up and move around. Once in a while reach out to family or a really close friend.You are not alone in this. Remember you took the first step and reached out here.
175984558,I hear you on the good breakfast. bring on the big plate of fruit..
175984559,Only take one benzo not two. Two will make you too calm and you dont want that
175984560,_PERSON_ ft _PERSON_ - When the Music Stops
174380937,"I'm doing better today. I did my exercise routine, almost all of it. About an hour & a half. It makes a big difference, delivering oxygen & nutrients to the brain & rest of the body, plus working the muscles. And I'm feeling encouraged at the moment. I'm wishing the best for all of you, & thank you!!"
175984561,Showered Did some grocery shopping Took out the trash (I consider that self care because I feel better when my apartment is clean and organized) Had coffee with cinnamon
175984562,"I play music. Drums, guitar, piano, etc by ear. Idk how to read music. It’s too mathematical. I KNOW music by the feeling of it. I feel it. My dad plays guitar and use to play professionally. I’ve played professionally once on stage. I get my talent there from my dad. We talk about music often and how if u don’t feel it it’s not music. He plays blues since he is from Mississippi. You give me any song, I can learn it in like 30 min or less in it’s entirety and play it by heart. I have a brain for creativity beyond all measures and my writing is not just words but also mathematical in how I place them!"
175984563,Chewing on my first piece.
175984564,"That's awesome! I just made a gaming planner too yesterday! With that little journal I got in the gamer mental health kit. So I have a regular daily journal, a gaming planner, a regular daily/weekly planner (legend planner) and that growth journal (it says take time to grow on the front) I which is the one I was referring to in my post above."
175984565,I bought a CD at the bookstore today
175984566,3 16oz things of English toffee cappuccino mix and 2 boxes of chocolate hazelnut biscotti
175984567,Not at my best lately. Been feeling down.
174380941,"I have Schizoaffective Disorder Bipolar type along with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder with Dissociative Features and other anxiety problems. The Dissociative Features are not the same thing as Dissociative Identity Disorder formerly known as Multiple Personality Disorder. The dissociative features cause my mind to try to go somewhere else because it can't cope with what happened. I understand being nervous with a new diagnosis. And hallucinations can be hearing things, seeing things, feeling things, or even smelling things that are not there. Am I understanding you correctly that you feel things that are not there? Also, you don't have to have full-blown schizophrenia with schizoaffective disorder but prominent elements. Welcome to the forums. You seem like a strong person."
175984568,"Music is magic. I want to be a musician.. I'm not listening to music as much lately so I can be more ""productive"" and I feel like I'm hurting someone's feelings.. Like maybe the soul of music is sad.. But I know that it is never judgmental and is always waiting for me.. I can't explain 2 u how great music is. It may be the most important thing in the world."
175984569,"I don’t know how your job works but can you make a goal of logging in maybe say in the mornings when you have your coffee, to try to make it a part of your routine? So it become habitual, you make coffee or whatever you do in the morning then automatically log in. Sorry if that’s not helpful"
175984570,_PERSON_ wants to opens some areas to let people live... _PERSON_ of all the suicides and stuff.. (I just saw a clip of him saying that)... He's kinda right but idk..
175984571,"I write. Idk if I can call myself a professional writer, because even though I make money writing, I don’t make a lot right now. But I write about mental health issues. That is my niche."
175984572,My vraylar samples are ready to be picked up. I’ll go get them tomorrow. And my other meds are being mailed here
175984573,"Do you feel the medication helps at all and now you just need someone to talk to like a therapist? I know with COVID, it's hard to get appointments. Have you looked into or thought about some of the online therapists via telehealth? That might be an option to have somebody at the ready when your anxiety flares up or starts to feel out of control. Maybe they can help you with some coping mechanisms as a preventative measure so you don't feel like you're spiraling. Is there anyone at home you can talk to or friends, a trusted adult?"
175984574,Paper
175984575,"I finished Stranger Things so I'm working on watching the rest of Shameless now, have a while to go because I'm only on season 3"
175984576,"My friend's friend wants to come visit me and take me out of the nursing home. I'm afraid of her. When I didn't answer her texts fast enough, she called me and left a message. The message was relayed in a monotone, and I'm pretty sure she was reading it off a note pad or such. She wants my friend, so.. Why come visit me when all she wants is him, unless she's planning to kill me. So that's weird etc."
175984577,I'm glad you're feeling better.
175984578,McDonalds tomorrow! And my sister is ordering my Xbox One tonight!
175984579,I'm sorry DT
175984580,What is everyone’s zodiac sign?
175984581,"My mother is a narcissist and is generally a ***** every day. Always treating me like a slave and demanding I do things that she is more than capable of doing herself, but doesn't want to get off her *** to do. (Can you tell I don't like her?)"
175984582,Sugar free vanilla pudding cup
174380961,I hated when they gave a new diognostic . I went from as to schizoaffective.
175984583,Yessssss for a down day! Cuz I'm so hard on myself when I'm down.. I can just draw instead...
175984584,What language are you learning? I learned some Python and am currently working on a C++ course. Next up is a Java course. I also need to learn SQL at some point.
175984585,"I gotta be one of the few people in roll call that practices strict mental hygiene in order to keep myself sane. But not physical hygiene, like eating right and exercising. Well I take vitamins."
175984586,"I suffer from anxiety , my ex fiancé did too. I was in the same place you are. We were together for four years, and in a way we did break up because of it. I would get my anxiety because he had his. The way he acted , the way he talked , that look in his eyes triggered mine. I would put my feelings aside tho to calm him down. However after some time I started noticing because I did that, the relationship was controlled by his emotions. He didn’t like something I said and he would flip out knowing I would try my best to make it better for both. I did have a couple of situations were I would lash out and leave his house, but would always talk after a couple days.That went on for a while until I had enough and left. When we broke up I had become numb, tired of that cycle. And it wasn’t until I left him that I realized I had lost myself healing and helping him reach his goals. I got lost because I spent my whole relationship building him up. I would work at 5 am and stayed in his house till 1 help
ing him study , he wanted a job and I spent my time after work looking for jobs or helping him fill out the applications. When he didn’t work I held it down for him . Point is I know I did a lot of good for him. But in all that time I was doing that I never did anything to help myself . It’s been 9 months since that, and i finally got to travel to a place I wanted, I’m going to school , and i learned interest I didn’t know I had. I am calmer , my own anxiety is hardly existing , and I am motivated to keep doing better Being with him wasn’t all bad but I did learn I have too much to him, I put my own goals aside and got lost in the process. If I would of done something different I say I would of spoken up more. Yes it’s hard because u love that person so much and don’t want him hurting but u cannot afford to loose urself either. I’m not saying be all rude either but speak up for urself. Now I’m trying to learn how to balance myself. Not too give to much of me and not to give too little . I ho
pe it works out for u both."
175984587,Lol that and lots of coffee I feel euphoric which I haven’t felt in a long time. It’s nice
175984588,"Yeah it was, I didn’t realize that"
175984589,I would not like to make this thread about politics but I would love to see an administration change. ?
175984590,Teriyaki noodles
175984591,A cup of hot cocoa
175984592,Yea haha. I been cooking the tacos. The pizza has been delivery. I been using lean organic beef and frozen tortillas to make the tacos. Trying to eat healthier.
175984593,"I'm not sure. But I saw on the vraylar website you can get VrayPay which lowers the monthly cost down to between 15 and 75 dollars based on your insurance. The manufacturers coupon also does that, but only for 12 uses."
175984594,You should meet me!
175984595,"Leftovers from when I ate at _USER_ID_'s. Biscuits & gravy, hash browns, and scrambled eggs"
175984596,Fairy in the garden. Tutorial by _NAME_.
175984597,"Well, here I am again. And so far I've only taken my morning pill & supplements."
175984598,So tired.... not even 5pm
175984599,Just looked at an entire page of german shepherd puppy pictures and now I feel great!
175984600,Omg SP. Your avatar is so funny and cute.
175984601,"Blue, I don't either. I have my best pal in Seattle, two friends here, my incredible ex, and my dad and daughter. I see the pals once a yr and the others about the same. What I do have is you incredible people. You keep me lifted when I cannot do it My PC pals are very, very real to me. I love them all from the bottom of my heart. You have lotsa folks here who love you. Get out on the bike!! Love and hugs"
175984602,The porcupine needles are the rice!
175984603,Classical Piano on Youtube
175984604,"I've been a member here since May 2005 -- mostly in the Lupus Forum as member & moderator for over 10 years, till the Lupus community changed and the forums lost momentum. Most recently I just click the ""Active Topics"" link and read as the subjects interest me, so you can find me anywhere. aka _USER_ID_"
175984605,I started taking Vitamin D again. Idk if it's a placebo but I feel quite a bit better. I bought fish oil and I'll take one a day (Instead of 3-4 like I was) and take vitamin C every morning as well.
175984606,"Hugs, Job. Thorazine or Depakote can sometimes get us to sleep, depending on symptoms. Seroquel, too. Trazodone, doxepin, remeron. Restoril. That is all I remember. No med will put me to sleep now. I just sleep when I can. It is 0422 here."
175984607,"According to _PERSON_ I slept 6 1/2 hours last night, woke up 3 times and was restless 24 times"
175984608,It might be a fun project to try
175984609,"Radiohead -- ""Weird Fishes / Arpeggi"""
175984610,That’s great! Enjoy the new game and hobby
175984611,"I can’t keep subscribing to these threads, the notification overload is a bit much. Lol. Hope you’re all having a magnificent Friday!"
175984612,I took an extra 1g yesterday cuz I'm afraid of feeling no empathy.. I suppose that's why I have good REM sleep. I don't ever take enough to overdose. Me never overdose on anythings. Except the klonopins.. That was a disinhibited accidental attempted suicide..
175984613,"The vet gave her 3-6 months a month and a half ago. she's on a really good opioid peroxicam which is good for swelling and pain. There's no more blood in her urine. She's moving very slow, she's not really eating, and what she does she throws up. We got her some CBD oil for cats. She stuttered and almost fell off the table. She went hiding in my room just now. I'm in here with her now. When I pet her she's purring a slight bit, but less than normal if at all."
175984614,Ah........
175984615,If I reset myself and dont drink alcohol for a month I should save some money at least so that’s good.
175984616,"I feel tired but there's a lot of research I'm doing about things on the internet.. I feel productive Nutritional health and health in general, chemicals and song writing Just disorganized I took a gram of the stuff in green tea"
175984617,Yeah there was some kind of error cause I was having trouble too
175984618,"Job I kinda wonder....have you had mania in the past? The level of “normal” emotion is so low compared to that it might seem like you have no emotion, but for example you responded emotionally to starting an OK cupid account....it was a negative emotion but still an emotion."
175984619,"Idk if my love life sucks cuz of my bpd or because I'm insane. I havent really dated anyone in a few years and now that I'm looking I have become more picky because of past abuse, but still the humans I do choose do not stick around lo g enough to even start a date. I finally found one that stuck around, yet he keeps saying ""friends"" but I already invested in liking him. I even told him I did, he was fine with it yet still keeps using the word friends. We've had sexual relations the first night because I couldn't help myself I needed him to want to come back. But that's the thing, he keeps making plans to come over and I will be ready and he cancels, and never normal days before or just blow me off, always big sad excuses not even an hr before he should arrive. I always believe because I need him to be nice but he always cancels. I finally told him I couldn't mentally handle it, I couldn't get canceled on again and be okay. And I wrote this very long text explaining why I needed a day or 2 to get 
myself together. No text back, no understanding, no fighting, no anything just complete silence. Should he have written back? Am I assuming wrong? I dont want him to disappear I feel like I'm going to never be loved again. I got out of a scary relationship and have been trying to not just be with anyone and it makes me feel like I will never be good enough for no one."
174381012,"I'm sick of people believing in things that knows someone else already thought of that isn't based on reality which has nothing to do with mind altering substances (Which includes religion - Because that is based on mind altering substances). When people do, I don't believe that that is schizophrenia but just stupidity and people trying to feel special. And I'm not talking about common schizophrenic delusions but theories like the earth is flat."
175984620,"I'm back in my old town in the middle of complete nowhere for the weekend. My mom wanted to see the old house because the renters left without paying. Before they left, I came with my dad to give them a warning and the husband from the moment I heard him open his mouth, he seemed like an idiot/asshole and probably high on something. The wife is good but she's being manipulated by him and has to stick with him for their kids probably. They left the house a mess. My mom started to cry when she saw the house.. I gave her a hug.. The new renters arrived an hour later and they want to rent anyways because it's a good house. If they didn't, before, I told my mom to do a reverse mortgage until she can sell it. She would get a good 100k+ from it which is good. I can't believe people can be such ****** something trash.. Anyways, they want to rent for a year or more. My mom hired cleaning people to come tomorrow. My apartment in the town next to here is good and they also want to rent for a year or more. I r
ented it for 5 years. Good investment! My mom is sleeping right now and I just ordered another tub of phenibut just in case with cryptocurrency. Walking in that house gave me memories of my ex step dad walking around and our fights we had, the abuse, neglect, having no friends cuz avoidant, etc.. My mom is anxious being here cuz after my ex step dad won the million dollars, he took the BnB house for 700k or so and now lives back in this town (In the house across the street that he stayed in when my mom kicked him out. He's working at the mechanics shop again that I worked at) but he's not here right now.. Off working somewhere.. Tomorrow we're going back to the city and I'm going on a bus with my sister back to _NAME_.. The mountains.. I'll be skiing and stuff, withdrawing from phenibut slowly and my mom will go back to the cancer compassion house to do her radiation on Monday. I'll be alone with my sister for Christmas but she's going to have Christmas dinner with her bf and I'll be going with my mom's frien
d and her husband to a hotel Christmas dinner and sleeping at her place.. Funny cuz she has a bf as her husband is 75 and doesn't have sex with her and her bf that she cheats with spends the night at my moms house where I live to hide from her husband.. She drinks a 1.5L bottle of wine every night and when my mom doesn't drink, both her and my moms friend with bipolar are like ""Don't you get the shakes??"".. lol... I forget what else I was about to say... Sorry for the boring writing but I felt like sharing what's happening.. My mental health is good.. When the phenibut kicked in, I came back to my moms compassion house for cancer because I forgot my jacket and was like ""Let's find the women that were tormenting me!!"" and I was gonna tell them off.. I had the confidence to do that, socially.."
175984621,I’ve decided against the caffeinated coffee today. I’m already a little anxious it would just make things worse. Just drinking water. That’s 5 days without it now
175984622,Is flexiril the same drug as tizanidine? I hope the socializing will be ok.
175984623,Same it’s been almost two weeks for me...
175984624,I would give it a try. there are 2 versions of it. full strength Lexapro and weaker verson cipralex. I take the cirpalex version and its awesome.
175984625,That’s how I was until I got my instacart yesterday.... Apparently the bfs doc got his results so we’ll find out today what he’s got.....now I’m just nervous about that.
175984626,I've never tried eggnog. Is it nice?
175984627,Honestly people have outright told me I might be autistic but I don’t think I am because I can decode emotion. Try the seeing the mind in the eyes test. Also no professionals have said it. People often code different as ill or in this case neurodivergent. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175984628,I had fruit salad
175984629,Well said. He’s lucky that he has you. Good luck for your new job
175984630,"""First, the embodiment aspect — VR gives people a chance to take on a new body, and tricks the brain into exhibiting behaviors associated with that body. For instance, studies by _PERSON_ and _NAME_ have shown that if you're given a child's body in VR, you start to show more childlike behaviors."" But it would solve my problem of having to ""lie down and do nothing"" every evening.. I've repeated myself many times about the ""lying down and doing nothing"" cuz my brain gets fried easily.. I want you guys to understand..."
175984631,"Woke up around 3am , couldn't get back to sleep so I'm up for the day, took a shower"
175984632,Fajitas and cheesecake with strawberry topping...yum!
175984633,*Prescribes 5mg Desoxyn twice a day* Just start with that and I'll see you in 6 weeks..
175984634,"""despite"" or ""in spite of""? My grammar has been decompensating (I can't technically use that word in this context, can I?) too"
175984635,"I feel like I'm not in tune with antipsychotics right now - Like I'm not aware of their zombie effects. In the past, I'd knock myself out with 8mg of risperidone due to agitated mania/psychosis (I know now this is very dangerous because of neuroleptic malignant syndrome) which would help for 2-3 days and then I'd do it again. But then I was prescribed (3mg?) in the hospital in 2017 and I've never felt so terrible. I had zero thoughts and emotions. I think of the olanzepine like a benzo. I notice that the mind state on how you view the medication or even expectations of the effects can alter how you react.. Such as pain sensitivity, awareness of self, the external environment such as the world, amount of paranoia, etc.. I've built a tolerance because I haven't taken olanzepine in about 6 months until the injection was lowered and I took 7.5-10mg on Christmas of 2019 - It made my psychosis completely go away - I wasn't scared of the comedy on TV and could laugh again.. But I needed to lie down and ev
entually fell asleep."
175984636,"_AT_MENTION_, glad your pdoc appt went well. I have T tonight myself. Pdoc in a couple of weeks. Don't think he's going to change anything though."
175984637,Oh and Christmas was great. Quiet but great!! Yes let’s connect!!
175984638,I've been wanting to start listening to Christmas music. I haven't yet though. But soon.
175984639,"I get suspicious a lot. Based in reality I think because I notice every tiny little detail-I think they call it hyper vigilance. not sure. But things jump out at me, especially when I am anxious or stresses or due for more Thorazine. I get tactile and visual stuff, usually about bugs and ants. Sometimes a take a PRN Thorazine or check out what is going on and do anxiety reducing exercises and mindfulness stuff and get away from stressors and that helps. I also get alot of shadow beans ( I think they are called that?) I always called them shadow people. This is my first time ever talking about it. I hope you all can relate. In the last month I have been doing a lot better, not so much with the visual or tactile. Still suspicious though. And paranoid about hackers (I did have a real one)."
175984640,I completely understand. I’m so sorry.
175984641,Today's been like a crap day. I dont understand why some people have the worst attitudes. I just dont. From my stepdad this morning to customer service people online and everyone in between.
175984642,"A long time ago I spent about $100 for the whole family at this place, back then at a store. I think their prices have gone up a bit since then. Its nice stuff though. Skincare Products & Makeup | Origins"
175984643,Maybe you’re a slow caffeine metabolizer?
175984644,I take things way too seriously. On the other hand I don't take things seriously enough. I don't get that.
175984645,"Unfortunately, I'm not knowledgable enough about the disorder to confirm or deny, but I'd say ""beliefs that transcend reality to make you feel better"" fits the bill for me. In Dialectial Behavioral Therapy lingo, it's ""make meaning"" to ""reduce suffering"" In my childhood development psychology class we learned that kids on the autism spectrum may form a primary attachment to an object instead of a person. And, some types of otherwise functional people may for primary attachments to religious or spiritual beliefs. You're right, it's not falsifiable, but I wonder if you value quality of life and comfort more or less than truth? And if you value truth more, I'd think you must already be quite content, or I'd be curious what it is that makes it more valuable - or if I'm missing the point entirely."
175984646,"""Indian Ginseg"" is a plant that is used in India for traditional purposes. It's used as a supplement to decrease stress but I think that it relieves stress.. In a way where I just let it all out... idk.."
175984647,I had a chocolate bar and made myself a cup of orange zinger herbal tea. I also have been drinking a lot of water. About to do some stretching. Tonight I'll meditate and pray the _PERSON_
175984648,I fell asleep (after being awake all night) and I have missed my uni orientation.
175984649,Teaching a class today in 10 minutes that I haven't really planned for. Oh well.
175984650,Chocolate ice cream w/ peanut butter swirls/chunks
175984651,"Yes. I haven’t thought about it in a few months but now I’m wondering how I’d do without everything. No more APs, mood stabilizer, and antidepressants. I bet I could do good. I have a lot of good coping skills and meditation and prayer is helping me a lot"
175984652,"Well you can’t leave guests unattended at your house, your mom should understand that........."
175984653,Sorry you're feeling that way BB
175984654,"Very upsetting and depressing, all of this with my sister. Very depressing. My mom is sick about it all."
175984655,"I'm so hungry, not sure why. I ate a huuuge breakfast around 7:30 in the morning and am hungry now somehow"
175984656,Sometimes with me... I feel better when someone tells me that I'm doing well and should be proud of myself. You should be proud of yourself. I'm proud of you opening up more and to let you know you're not alone.
175984657,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette. Having pizza later
175984658,I’m doing okay. A little tired and I feel like my thoughts are being blocked (which I suppose is good?) but I’m still chatty and generally unfocused. Except I find myself hyperfocused on intermittent fasting and losing weight. I can’t win. I just obsess over one thing or another. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984659,"I had that when I had kidney stones, but I would just ask your doc, it's better to just find out what's going on than let it go on"
175984660,"Thanks I think I'll be alright, I took my evening metformin today after eating dinner and didn't have any issues so hopefully that's all it was"
175984661,"Oh ok , missed that , thank you ."
175984663,Thunderstorm!! I love them
175984664,"I was lying in bed and took 7.5mg of olanzepine because I had thin patience for things and then took the extra 2.5mg. As soon as it kicked in, I felt my blood pressure increase - And I couldn't sleep so I took alprazolam and zopiclone. Then I fell asleep immeditately. OMG.. Omfg.. Why? What can I do? This is a torturous hell. Day time is good but I'm afraid when the sun goes down because that's when I deal with hell. I just don't know what to do."
175984665,Enjoying some coffee before I get ready to go to my friend's later
175984666,"My hair looks like it's falling out on top. I don't know what to do. Also, I'm back believing someone cut some hair off because I have some that is sawed off and I still have a terribly painful area of my scalp in back."
175984667,"Hopefully the zoned out feeling goes away eventually. If not, you can always lower back to the previous dose. It's the whole reason I don't take antidepressants anymore."
175984668,"something like seeing ""paranoid schizophrenia"" on paperwork from my mental health clinic kind of hits home."
175984669,Yay bb!!!
175984670,"I know it’s just paranoia, it just sucks feeling that way though I feel like crying because of it and being so scared. I don’t know what’s wrong with me."
175984671,"I slept all day, like till 3:30pm, didn't get up to eat or anything. Idk why, I meant to go grocery shopping and do a bunch of stuff but now my schedule is all screwed up again. And I failed at my no candy 60 day challenge, I just ate some I can't even manage 2 days into the challenge, I'm a failure. And I'm about to screw up the no caffeine thing."
174381081,"Six months ago I was fine and living a normal life. Then a few months ago I started feeling different. I thought it was just stress due to some things going on at the time. Everyday it's a struggle with anxiety, depressed mood, and fatigue. At night when I try to sleep I'm getting closed eye visualizations and I'll hear sounds. Sometimes when I'm waking up I'll hear the same thing. I've heard about hypnogogic hallucinations, but this is happening just about every day. I've tried some of the online mental health tests. My results aren't showing that I'm schizophrenic right now. If things don't improve soon I'm going to have to go talk to someone about it."
175984672,"There is no gas with an electric oven, nothing to explode it may just not work....honestly they may be fine to remove, I’ve never had electric. You’ll know if it works or not."
175984673,Last thread reached 100 pages!
175984674,"It peaks when it does, esp under stress. Mornings, usual. HT"
175984675,"Give a solid position for them to be straight forward with you. This means that if you really are the kind of person who can handle blunt honesty, you can ask people who know you. If you have given people any reason not to, they probably won't. I.e. If the answer to your question gets a reaction out of you, it probably will be less honest both in a positive or negative way."
175984676,"Worrying about things is like eating junk food: it's easy to do and in a strange way, sorta comforting. I try to keep telling myself ""I need to have a good 'think' diet"", that is, only giving myself positive thoughts, thinking of things that are going right, and including thinking of things I'm grateful for. You really have to force yourself, it is hard at first, because you aren't used to this ""diet"", but the more you keep at it, the more natural it seems, and you begin to realize just how much more healthy you feel on it. It eventually becomes easier and more automatic to think this way. Good luck!"
175984677,My self improvement notes are awesome. I just need to read more. I feel really motivated today.
175984678,"I was told that when you’re at your lowest, remember why you are still fighting. I don’t have a will to live, I have nothing to lose and everyday I care less and less and don’t avoid depressing thoughts. I do not know why I’m still alive. If I died no one would notice. No one on Snapchat or Facebook or ever PlayStation. Nobody would know except my parents and I’m 21 still living with my parents. A little less than a year ago I lived with my GF and her parents and she ended up cheating on me and I went into crisis. I was hospitalized for a couple weeks. I then got out and was medicated and had a full time job at _PERSON_’s. I met a girl there. My “best friend” told her I almost cheated on her so in spite of that, she cheated on me. I then fell back down but did not go into crisis. I had no intention on cheating on her. My “best friends” gf got upset that I wouldn’t cheat on my gf and made up a bunch of lies. I was watching my “best friends” kids while he was away and his gf 
was there. She tried to get me to cheat. I caught on and I fucking left the house at 3am and walked and had to have my dad come find me. I was losing it. My friends gf told him that I did not leave. I had texts and everything proving that I left but NO ONE believed me. My gf believed some other dude over me. What the fuck did I do wrong? What did I do to deserve this? Why am I still here? There is no point to this. I am not at rock bottom and work under the table for $5 an hour. There’s no fucking point anymore."
175984679,Sounds good! Tomorrow I'm getting stuff to make vegetable shrimp pasta salad. And then some frozen general tso's and sweet and sour chicken
175984680,The fact that you keep trying is success in itself
175984681,I watched Don't ###$ With Cats....anyone remember May of 2012 around here?
175984682,"I’m so sorry bb, I really am"
175984683,That all people will look forward to getting the new shot for this terrible covid-19.
175984684,"This one is very long but if you’re feeling like watching, here’s a video of comparison between the two types. YouTube"
175984685,"My cuddler. Attached Images 20200813_144537_HDR.jpg (152.8 KB, 12 views)"
175984686,"I sleep a lot, I try not to but it's hard. I slept 11 hours 11 minutes last night. I always want to be up early in the day but I end up going back to sleep. My goal for the next 2 weeks is to get up before 9am"
175984687,"I’m so sorry to hear that you’re dealing with this and I understand. It’s easy to have dark thoughts when you feel like you have no other options. You sound like a bright person who is fully aware of the impact your family is having on you. Are you able to perhaps block out some if their negativity? In other words, try not to let it in as reality but rather tell yourself that it’s the best tool they have in trying to motivate you. It’s unlikely they’ll change and perhaps how their parents dealt w them."
175984688,Maintenance put a new showerhead in. It's gonna feel great taking a nice long shower
175984689,"Hi guys, it's all not that bad. I live in Thailand and it's nice here. Just finished 18 holes in a beautiful golf course. Sometimes I have cramps in my chest. Otherwise .......it's my wife, who wants me dead. For this I take Zoloft and Ativan. My dog and granddaughter making me happy."
175984690,"Do you need a referral to see a cardiologist? My first thought is that if you have the means to go to a cardiologist and it would put you at ease, then why not go? So sorry this has been happening to you for so long."
175984691,Oh I see. That sucks. Sorry newtus.
175984692,.
175984693,"Did two things that give me severe anxiety , took a 25 minute walk around town and opened my curtains on my windows (it always makes me anxious, paranoid but it's a beautiful day )"
175984694,Sunday or Sundae? Lol
175984695,"Hi gizmo… I am 71 years old and have suffered exactly the same way you have for the last 60 or so years! I can even go maybe eight years with seemingly no issues and then all of a sudden dang, I am riddled with anxiety and panic. In the last year of my life has changed dramatically because I have macular degeneration in both eyes and as of two months ago, can no longer drive. I live alone, as my three sons are spread all over the country and suddenly my Independence has been pulled from under me. I now have to depend on either senior bus rides or walking down to the end of my street to get to the store which is not always easy as I have back issues on top of everything else. But I think the anxiety and panic comes from a combination of feeling isolated and having very poor eyesight. So after being anxiety free for about five years I am now back in there worst of it again. Last night I was so nervous and shaky and panicky that I didn’t sleep a wink. So I can certainly relate to what you’re goi
ng through and hope you can find some relief."
175984696,"Morning. Another week of partial hospitalisation. I am feeling a bit of dread, I don't really want to be there any more, but I know it's for my own good. Gonna get some coffee when I get there, didn't sleep too well last night so I'm drowsy as hell."
175984697,"Water, having a spinach salad later and maybe a couple scrambled eggs"
175984698,"My world of voices is extremely challenging. They talk to each other and/or to me all day long every day. They have distinct personalities & behaviors & sounds to their voices. They are very different from each other. One of them is my worst challenge. The others seem to have a degree of thoughtfulness & kindness in them, so I am able to hang in there most of the time. I think I'm getting stronger. I see possibilities. Does any of this help any of you? I mean, my sharing these things with you?"
175984699,"Hi _NAME_, Welcome to anxiety and panic forum. Anxiety can be tricky and can take your life away. Have you talked to your doctor? Maybe some therapy is in order. We all go. Look at the top of the page for the resource part. It is the first thread. There is a lot of helpful information there. There are many types of therapy you can do. I have been going to the therapist for years. It really helps. There are also self help books you can get. There are a lot of resources for anxiety. Keep hanging in there. I am glad you found us. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984700,"I got my stim check and more of my books. I mowed the lawn. Also, I feel like I need an intellectual outlet, to practice writing my ideas, so I rejoined a philosophy forum just now. I think this is a very good step for me. It's very healthy."
175984701,"I do offend people in real life because I lack in understanding the appropriate ""give and take"" of interaction and getting the willingness to match my facial expressions, etc. It can cause me problems in situations where I have to see the people regularly. It leads to guessing a lot of the time - and trying to figure out if I've upset someone with no proper idea and shots in the dark in figuring out why I've done so. 2/3s of the time I'm right about finding out I've offended someone and the other 1/3 the time I'm completely off the mark. I hope to find that the reacting/responding bridge is as simple as that for me when it comes to taking things personally"
175984702,"Awesome Topo. And _NAME_, and whoever is donating time. HT you are right. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175984703,"Hi guys. I had a rough day yesterday. Thought about going to the hospital to get stabilized but didn't want to go because of Covid and because I don't want to spend New Years in the Psych ward. Not that I care about New Years, I just don't want to start my year out that way. But my Mom helped me and some friends helped me and I managed to make it through okay. So I feel relieved. HUGS to everyone."
175984704,"Also, how much have you ate? I find myself shake when I’ve not had enough to eat."
175984705,I pretty much avoid watching the news at all because its always so scary
175984706,Made a new one Roll Call 164!
175984707,"I heard about that game. I know the makers... whoever they are... they make good games. Was it Half Life they created? I can't remember. This style of game is a dinosaur because adventures are just not popular for some reason. I can't get my head around why though. I mean, we still play movies, and this is essentially a interactive movie, right? ... Welp, good news! I have $5 dollars left over from long ago still in my steam account. _NAME_ wake is 3 bucks, baby! Hahaha"
175984708,"PubMed Central (PMC) Homocysteine and vitamin B12 status and iron deficiency anemia in female... Nutritional deficiencies are very significant to the overall health of humans at all ages and for both genders, yet in infants, children and women of childbearing age these deficiencies can seriously affect growth and development. The present work is..."
175984709,Hi Welcome to the forum. I agree with HT that you need to give the medication time to work it can take up to 12 weeks to fully kick in. Have you considered doing any talking therapy such as CBT or Mindfulness? As both these work really well at treating anxiety we have some good links in our resources section so take a look and maybe ask your doctor the next time you see them about getting a referral. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175984710,I got so agitated/irritable so I went for a walk. I took the 10mg olanzepine when I got home - It helped a bit. I might take another 5mg. Agitation = Schizophrenia? Bipolar? Autism? Drug addiction???
175984711,I hope it eases up quickly.
175984712,"Just to let you know, I wasn't referring to you in my post, I just meant in general it's all I hear about everywhere, on the news, online, and from other people in real life. Hope I didn't offend you"
175984713,Hey Everyone How are you all really doing today?
175984714,Sounds beautiful!
175984715,"I can relate to a lot of what ur saying. I struggle with severe depression and anxiety. I have for years but lately it has become a lot worse. With my own changing circumstances and living in New York with this Virus. I won’t commit suicide because I will not leave that legacy behind for my niece and nephew. But lately , similar to what u said , I think about it more and more. Living in this state of mind and having it get worse over the years seems like torture. Struggling to get through these days and nights. Very hard. I’m thankful that although I feel alone , I do live with my boyfriend and three dogs. Without them god knows how much worse I would be. Friends get tired of hearing about my depression and anxiety , so I’ve stopped talking about it. Not sure what else to say. Maybe just being here for each other on some level can help. Feel free to reply. Btw I too see a psychiatrist and therapist. It helps but I’m afraid nothing will ever fix my mind. I fear it’s beyond help and these f
eelings are getting worse with age. Sincerely, L.T. in NEW YORK"
175984716,Hopefully
175984717,"I refuse to believe this, _USER_ID_ Philosopher"
175984718,I’m so proud of you for reading desox! And for an hour!!!
175984719,I think 12-14 I can’t remember exactly....
175984720,I am extremely agitated as of late. Not sure what to do. I think I might have bipolar or something. Maybe up the Zyprexa. Not sure.
175984721,"I just started Lexapro last week after weaning almost off Effexor. Started with 5 mg. Lexapro, when I reached 37.5 Effexor. Nausea is getting better. Bad headaches and antsy feeling persist. Not able to relax. I am Down to about 20 mg. of effexor, now and not feeling very well. I am taking five extra pellets out of capsule a day, so should only be a week more to get off Effexor totally. Will the Lexapro side effects go away soo? Need to up to 10 mg. soon."
175984722,"huh, that game looks pretty cool. I have never heard of it before. I kinda wanna download it too. lol. this is what I like about switch... lots of cool indie games"
175984723,Yum.......
175984724,Going to make leek and potato soup this week along with a cauliflower potato curry.....also got some salads....all veg after a couple of meat heavy weeks.
175984725,"No one is immune to mental illness. Even the rich and famous live with mental illnesses such as bipolar disorder. It has been in the past few years that celebrities have come out of the bipolar closet. I am going to list some, not all, of the celebrities who have spoken up and told of their bipolar disorder and what they had to say. _NAME_, “This is a disorder that affects millions of people and I am one of them. If my revelations of having bipolar II has encouraged one person to seek help, then it is worth it.” _NAME_, “At times, being bipolar can be an all-consuming challenge, requiring a lot of stamina and even more courage, so if you’re living with this illness and functioning at all, it’s something to be proud of, not ashamed of. They should issue medals along with a steady stream of medication.” https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/11/09/10-celebrities-who-live-with-bipolar-disorder/"
175984726,"Took a walk today, it's really nice out. Had to stop in the dollar store for a couple grocery items and household necessities. Stressful being in there. I washed my hands like crazy when I got home and washed my mask. Anyway, I'm going to start taking walks down the street and back everyday so I can enjoy the nice weather. I've been literally inside my apartment for the past 17 days so it was nice feeling the sun and breeze."
174381168,I tend to have a high tolerance to drugs in general. At one point was at 40mg of haldol a day at one point causing TD. My pdoc raised my Clozapine up to 550 mg of it for this week until I get a call from them to see what they want to do with me antipsychotics. I'm on 4mg of rexulti which is the highest it can go and we're not sure if I want to stay on that one or not.
174381162,"Just made my strawberries and raspberries for shortcake! Oh so it’s going to be with pound cake and canned whip cream but still fresh berries! My parents used to have a strawberry patch when I was young....never really needed to add sugar. These ones get a dusting to macerate though and then they’re just like the good old days. If you make fresh cake for this, recommend adding coconut"
175984727,I didn't shower today. Overslept and had no time.
175984728,"30,000 steps is a LOT Blue_Bird."
175984729,"Good morning! Got some pics while out walking today. Put them on Facebook. Picked up my meds from the pharmacy, just plan on having a relaxing day. I do want to rearrange my furniture at some point today though. I'm proud of myself because I resisted buying ice cream today, I was going a little crazy with the junk food for awhile. ?"
175984730,"Unfortunately historically people used to be used to losing one or more family members, one of the reasons people had 7-8 kids, aside from farm work. Its actually the last 100 years since penicillin that things have actually be abnormally healthy. However, I think we’ll go back to health but remember this for at least the next twenty years then they’ll be a new generation who has no idea."
175984731,Lectio Divina: A Beginner's Guide | Busted Halo This is a good beginning on Lectio Divina I'm just learning about it myself and trying to study that way.
175984732,Just got a call from my dad that my neighbor passed away today. My dad called me last night and told me the power went out in his neighborhood and the neighbor needed power to his oxygen tank. He was already put into hospice like a week ago. But he passed today. I knew them when we moved to where I was living with my dad when I was 18.
175984733,Red's chicken and cheddar burrito
175984734,The thing is it didn’t get out of control and you’ve put safety measures in place to stop it from getting out of control.....that’s extreme ply responsible and you should be proud.
175984735,"Meds are a roller coaster when it comes to weight issues. Some meds made me feel like I was always starving, so I'd eat and eat and eat to relieve the the starvation feeling. Then others I'd gain 55lbs in weeks like Lithium and Risperdone, then after that, I'd get back on a weight neutral, id be skinny again, then something else went wrong and I could no longer lose the weight. Now I hardly eat anything at all because of what these meds have done to me and I still would like to lose 40lbs. I barely eat anything at all. I just had to learn that this is my new normal, my metabolism crawls now, but at least I don't have that starving feeling... I get the struggle, friends. I couldn't lose it on some meds, now I just barely eat anything. ((hugs))"
175984736,Yes I did!
175984737,Do you guys get the fall color change?
175984738,Ab so lute ly!! I get so sick of the depression and fatigue that I wish I could get manic to get up and get around and get things done. I listen to high frequency sounds on youtube and do deep body breathing to bring up my energy. But nothing compares to the energy of mania!
175984739,Feeling much much better now. Thank god. I was miserable and scared.
175984740,Tired. Lethargic feeling. Wish I had some candy.
174381166,Sent my coworker a link from _USER_ID_ about Schizoaffective. I want her to understand a little what I go through. Sometimes it is so freaking hard trying to work with my brain on fire.
175984741,I feel like I have a band around my head of electromagnetic energy and it's seeping out through my eyes. Possible dissociation and headache. _USER_ID_: No but I'm good - Had a great sleep. Now I just need to focus.
175984742,"I'm tired again today. I'm sort of peeved at Pastor _PERSON_. And myself. Didn't do the homework, blah, blah, blah. He has a rule about doing the homework though. When I don't feel good it's hard to be motivated to do that crap. Trying to not SH over it. Argh. Getting a headache too. Too much stress. _PERSON_"
175984743,"Also does anyone have tips on how to stop being selfish? I feel like I've transformed into someone who thinks ""poor me"" like all day long. I am looking to change that."
175984744,I’m watching a sci Fi movie
175984745,Yes they do
175984746,"It comes on the bluray trilogy edition, at least the one I got. It was worth a listen to watch the movie while two known philosophers give their take. Also in the package there was 2 ccritics who talk abou the movie as it goes on. That one wasn't really interesting. The only half vaid point I liked abou the critics was their take on the music. I thought Rage Against the Machine and _PERSON_ was pretty meh, but I liked the composition music. The critics compared it to Star Wars."
175984747,Hi HT Glad to hear your brother is doing ok and looking better that's good news. Keep on keeping on mate. _PERSON_
175984748,"I am with you. I am much more calm than I use to be. When I was a child I was neurotic. But I had a mentally unstable mother. And yes it really isn't a laughing matter, though we do laugh at it on tv. I am described as a calm person with calm energy. I am lucky. I wasn't always this way. Use to have real high anxiety. Another good topic _NAME_... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984749,Doing okay. Met a new friend possibly.
175984750,"I don’t have the chocolate chips and my favorite sugar cookies require and overnight in the fridge but maybe a small batch of peanut butter would be good. I know I have a recipe on the Halloween cookie stamps I got. Aww who am I kidding actual work.? I think I’d rather goto the store an buy some break and bakes, maybe I will tomorrow it’s only getting colder after all."
175984751,This coming week will be awesome. Getting that smart watch and also _NAME_.
175984752,Made a post on FB begging for money Ppl actually donated. I am so grateful I saw my therapist yesterday. He really thinks I have autism spectrum disorder. Idk what to think abt that. I feel that it doesn't matter what u call it . I'm just a weirdo plain n simple This is hopefully my last day in this trailer.
175984753,"Well it is donut Friday so well, a donut!"
175984754,I feel like I'm gonna throw up. I think its cuz I'm out of my routine still. I'm shoving coffee down my throat. And my pills before I take a shower and leave.
175984755,I had an hour and a half long meeting this morning but it was pretty interesting so I didn't mind.
175984756,"Don't ever be sorry for venting - that's what we're here for! We're here to struggle together. <3 Sounds like you're better off without said ""friend"". People can be so selfish sometimes."
175984757,I do physical copies but I collect videogames and videogame systems
175984758,"My friend made an awesome audiobook. I really enjoyed it. It wasn't complete, but it was well put together, convenient, and all. We discussed putting it on spotify or apple as a pod cast series. He's half way done with it as it is, but he hasn't been keeping pace because he's so busy. It was really good!"
175984759,Did you feel any pain because of stitches when you woke up?
175984760,"Yeah it wasn't an internet speed thing even though I thought it was, it was just that the Wan Physical Status was down, whatever that means, but I was able to fix it with their help myself"
175984761,Both changed for me. But I got an increase In intellect but my personality did a 180. It's not the exact same but i retain qualities from my past.
175984762,"It's like people don't realize that everyone is different... People are like ""THIS is the WAY to LIVE"" or ""Do THIS and THIS will HAPPEN!"".. That's true but people are really missing pieces of cognition or logic or non-logic.. People go too far on either side and argue.. That's why I don't get into arguments... I see both sides.. Things are what ""I"" want.. And in order to do that, I have to bother people that are in my way.. I don't want to play that game. I don't want to cause harm to people that are a threat because then I am a threat.. I can defend myself but it seems like that's ALL I DO... Is defend myself.."
175984763,So I have now been on the split dose for a few days and my anxiety seems worse. It’s the same 50 mg / day so I would not expect that. Maybe the worse anxiety isn’t related to the split dose. Who knows. I might need to increase to 75 mg. My doc suspected I would probably need that. But I’m not looking forward to the side effects.
175984764,Yes I plan on leaving them a horrible review
175984765,"Hi _NAME_ - I know this is a few days old, but just wanted to let you know that you're not alone in reading posts but not posting. It's a weird kind of therapy within itself to know others are in the trenches as well... I always find the anniversary of my mom's passing (which is unfortunately also her birthday) brings me back to a dark place. Keep your head up and check in when you need some extra support. I'll be thinking of you!"
175984766,"My mom has always eaten healthy but I blame a lot of my problems on eating a lot of sugar. What you're supposed to eat is FAT. Not sugar. And NO DAIRY (Only organic high fat milk or almond/coconut milk). No eating vegetable oil! Only _NAME_ oil.. Avocados are good because they have FAT. Vegetables and natural fatty meat! Nuts.. NO WHEAT.. No cereal.. 59000 out of 60000 foods at the grocery store have wheat in them! On a cellular level, it's like replacing the protein-fat cellular walls like building a house out of styrofoam balls!.. Then disease happen like diabetes.. Canola oil has to be heated and dissolved with solvents to get the oil out.. We didn't do that 10000 years ago. All the tribes in Africa used to be muscular and healthy.. No diseases.. Now they have diabetes, asthma, heat disease, fat.. No apple juice.. Apple juice has more sugar than coca cola.. No orange juice (Only oranges!).. Intermittent fast 16-8 hours.. Then we get used to it.. It helps prevent diseases and improves mental heal
th.. I've been eating moderately healthy because of my moms healthy dinners.. But I eat a lot of sugar and wheat/cereal etc.. That's basically it.. The brain thrives on fat more efficiently than sugar.. My IQ went from 140 to 100 probably since I was a kid. It's all my fault. Now I must live with it. Desserts once or twice a week.. Like a benzo.. Think of bad food like benzos.. And the good fat. Not bad fat. Good cholesterol not bad cholesterol."
175984767,"Hello! I suggest that you research OCD. I've struggled with these same issues for years, never telling anyone because I felt that the things I was afraid of were ridiculous or even humiliating at times. finally understanding the condition helped me to feel less embarrassed and more comfortable talking about the issue."
175984768,I need to get out of the house too but it’s so cold out I’m not sure where to go.....maybe I’ll just get groceries tomorrow and that will be enough. I’m not nearly as excited about the lasagna as I was the cake.
175984769,Feeling unmotivated with anhedonia so I made some micromushdose + peppermint tea. I will update with the results.
175984770,I see my therapist Wednesday the 8th at 4:00. I'm worried he'll want me to go back to PHP
175984771,I hope you'll feel better soon.
175984772,"Hey, So, last night I had a small reprieve from my feelings when I tried some edibles. It was a relief, but also, it is not something I can do all the time. I am new to taking recreational marijuana. But, that was last night. Today, I am back down in the pit. Wanting to end it. Wishing I could. Knowing I cannot. I want to be ok. I want to just be myself."
175984773,My sales still havent updated
175984774,I want to leave the house. I'm sick of being stuck inside. I want to go for a hike every day. At least going to the city in a few days will be away from the house. I feel like taking a walk or reading outside idk I can't focus. I'm restless. _USER_ID_: I want to exercise. I want to move from place to place. I want more from life. I can't sit still.
175984775,Karma doesn't include birth-death.. It includes the universe.. I don't believe it has anything to do with us.. We are insignificant to the universe.. Karma is complete when we reincarnate forward to infinity back to exactly now.
175984776,"_NAME_ a bit today, trying to do that everyday"
175984777,"You sound like a very intelligent person. You say you can barely put your thoughts in order but from the way you write I feel like you can and you are doing it. You explain very well what’s wrong with you and the way you feel and the details of your sickness. So when a person that intelligent gets into her head the trauma and the depression also get intelligent and try to stand in your way to recovery. I know it sounds weird but I do believe your mind is smart enough to trick itself into dark thoughts. It’s very hard to argue with your own mind. It gets itself twisted and it gets too tiring to try and untwist it. I sometimes find that routine keeps me balanced. Going through a list of things to do every day, one by one, step by step. From drinking a glass of water first thing in the morning to stepping outside and walking regularly as a therapy and not just going to buy groceries. I also find it very reassuring to go through my old journals. If you have such notebooks or anything from your past
, go through it and find how you dealt with things back then. It might remind you of who you are deep inside. It mind reinstate the idea that you are a whole human being with hopes and dreams even when you are on the edge. I’m so happy that I found this website because it is full of people who are seeking help from one another, trying to help each other and helping someone else in your state is very powerful and rewarding. I really hope things get better, or at least you get to have a good day. Thank you for sharing your story."
175984778,"Yes, I took them. I usually take them before I start working, they help me to get started and to feel better and more motivated."
175984779,The scientific community and spirituality need to combine. They will combine.
175984780,"Hey there, Someone close to me was using lamotrogine but he built tolerance to it and the doses kept needing to be increased to a point where he started suffering from mild aphagia (loss of words). That was hard for him to accept so he eventually tapered off his meds with help of his Dr and was able to use CBD and CBG (both legal) to help treat his symptoms. It has really been working for him and is all natural. I have seen it work for him first hand and if anyone is interested in learning more, don't hesitate to drop me a message!"
175984781,Yesterday I begged my friend to bring me a few bottles of Pepsi. I was thinking of 21oz bottles. He brought two two liter bottles of Diet Pepsi. I'm so disappointed. But I'm drinking it anyway. Im sick of this place. I have frequent homicidal thoughts. Wish I could go home.
175984782,"I have super high hopes yet again. Not super, but my regular hopes are back. With everything going on and I’m back to doing my thing. It feels like things may be picking up more day by day."
175984783,"This has been a lousy day. I might need 100% headphones. I am thinking of buying a pair of Bluetooth earphones. Then I could get my torn ear pierced again. Had another charger stolen! Whoopee! They owe me at least $1000 here. I have a long list. If they confront me about illicit use of disposables, I'll give them a copy of the list."
175984784,"I've had this issue a number of times, pretty much only when I'm extremely depressed, exhausted or stressed. I don't know if it's really hearing voices, because they aren't talking to me and they're voices of people I know. It's like listening to conversations happening in my head - overhearing conversations between people I know (or just a person I know, talking), and I can't turn the volume down or make it stop. It has usually gone away after coming out of that depression/distressed state of mind. I've mentioned it to my doctor but never talked about it a lot. A long time ago I was addicted to benzos and sleeping pills and used to get a similar effect. Do other people here get this kind of voice thing?"
175984785,"I enjoy the private selections I get at my local grocery store. I had a veggie one which was, okay but that brand makes other ones well."
175984786,_PERSON_ hates android. I kinda liked it. Oh well.
175984787,I feel good today. Thought I was having benzo like withdrawal cuz I was having anxiety two nights ago. But it was a calm trippy anxiety. I feel good in my skin. But I don't know what to do. I'm gonna quit nicotine when my nicotine spray runs out. Then I won't be using nicotine anymore.
175984788,"AppleBlossom: Wow together since adolescence...? Amazing! You have Borderline Disorder as well...? I see. 1 month of not contacting your hubby doesn't seem that bad...I think mine might be months...sigh. It's great that you're bound by your religious beliefs and not hyper-sexual when manic. My wife also claims she has never slept with anyone else and I guess I'll have to believe her. Don't feel ashamed about sitting in the park at midnight...just make sure it's safe and someone you trust is around ya. I see...so it was your kid that spurred or galvanised you into action...interesting. Don't worry about whatever damage...your kid will understand eventually If you don't mind me asking, assuming my wife is in her manic state, how often do you think I should contact her...? Once a day...? Once a week...? Given a choice, I would message her every hour but that would be foolish of course and push her even further away...the past few days, I've been messaging her once a day and there was no response. So t
oday, I didn't message at all...not sure when I should message next. In any case, keep up the good work and keep taking your meds; you (and I'm sure many others) are doing well!"
175984789,Iced Tea......
175984790,I have so much cooking to do today and I don’t want to do any of it Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175984791,"I am sorry I did not pick up on the last paragraph there for some reason. No idea why. It's good that you've met someone. But remember that if it doesn't work out, it's not your fault and if they can't handle the diagnosis it's their issue. It's not something to be ashamed of, and if it puts them off then they are not worth getting upset over. Best of luck."
175984792,"Thank you too, I do think it's brave to share your unsettling experiences, and call it how you see/hear it. I try and do that. Good work on the fat loss. I know that's not easy to do, either. It's really helped me to learn about body work and exercise. It's over the last few years things have really improved, and for a couple of years I had almost constant ear popping. It would increase when I was in better moods too. I don't know how much this is to do with nerve compression. Humming also stimulates the vagus nerve, which can regulate breathing and digestion. That can be a good thing to focus on: how humming at different frequencies makes you feel"
175984793,bannocks
175984794,"I have been on 20 mg Prozac for 2 and a half weeks now. The side effects are tough to deal with. Fatigue, weakness, dizziness, and sometimes shakiness. My psych said symptoms should only last a couple of weeks. I will continue on, but this is really bringing me down. Anyone have similar side effects and how long did they last?"
175984795,I think psychics have psychosis rather than monks @ Newtus. And I believe that some psychics are real more than I believe in demons
175984796,another turkey sandwich and a banana
175984797,Okay...yeah you really have given this a good trial an error as far as specialists and meds! I am so sorry that you are not getting the answers that you need. Would an endo referral be covered by your insurance? Maybe you might get farther with the thyroid questions if you sought this consultation out... Hoping you get some steps toward progress soon! _PERSON_
175984798,What is wrong with her?
175984799,"It's outdated by 4 years, I would not take it and call your doctor for an updated prescript ion."
175984800,I just did the same thing . . .
175984801,I feel that way at times. Like this is legit suffering. I wish dr _PERSON_ was still around. I believe one person in Oregon had help with assisted suicide because of mental illness. I'm sure its hard to get. But its a daily struggle. Its cost me a lot..its taken a lot. I often feel like my kids would indeed be better off. But im trying to hang on.
175984802,Yes
174381256,"When they picked for me it was my ability to pass as normal they based it on.....they were like well you don’t seem weird or something like that.....this is from a clinical psychologist after a battery of tests. My pdoc was never sure if bp 1 or sza mostly because it’s not clear if I really get mood episodes with all my hallucinations.like last time I had a few with depression and I was like I think that’s consistent with bp, she was like no because they typically had it with mania not depression. Oh well. I just remind myself these dxes don’t actually mean anything anyway they’re just observations of symptoms not related to an underlying cause."
175984803,"Have you tried singulair? That is what I take and it helps a lot. I still have some problems with sinus but that is all. Though my sinuses give me migraines sometimes. I am able to take the over the counter stuff for migraines which I am glad. Surprisingly they have a little caffeine in them which helps a little. At least helps you get back going after the migraine is gone. I use to like tavist D when it was prescription. I think it is over the counter now. The singulair is a prescription. I take generic. I hope you are feeling better. I know bronchitis is no fun. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174381263,hi rog3 do you take meds for schizophrenia? do you consider yourself as having an illness?
175984804,"How are ya doing, HT?"
175984805,"Oh, yeah. I'm probably months away from a vaccination yet am an 'essential worker'. Stinks to feel like my life matters less than someone else's. I'm sure I'm the reason my girlfriend, her son, and her mom got COVID-19. GF made it a point to blame me. LOL. There's the guilt factor, too.Post Edited (1039smooth) : 2/23/2021 8:35:21 AM (GMT-7)"
175984806,"This is so interesting to me. I have done random research binges about spirituality when I have been awake for long periods of time as I needed to pass the time. (I refuse to just lay in bed when I cannot sleep, my mind will devour me if I do that.) I liked many conceptions of the underworld that I learned about, the themes of transformation/cycles of life, death, and rebirth are utterly fascinating. I wonder if a part of what makes psychosis so frightening is the mind trying to resolve the universal fear of the unknown ... I wonder if what I conceptualize as ""evil"" is what I cannot understand and thus what is unknown to me. I like your idea of redirecting the psychosis. Far too many simply want to focus on eliminating it ... and that option is not feasible for me. But directing it in a less frightening way is at least in theory far more realistic."
175984807,Went to bed at 6pm and woke up at 11:30pm. Gonna review papers for my interview tomorrow and then do things on the web or read.
175984808,"I have a history of GERD and hernias. In late October, I went in for my routine endoscopy to check on my esophagus. It was discovered I have high-grade dysplasia (HGD) in that area. This is the step right before cancer. A freak out ensues. I met with a different gastroenterologist because my original doesn’t handle ablation therapy. He was very nice and explained things to me on the phone. Feeling it was too much to comprehend, I saw him in-office where it was still too much to comprehend. The ablation was scheduled for late November. That went well and then it didn’t. I wound up in the ER and was assisted by many people. One nurse told me, “You’re too young for all this stuff.” I get so tired of hearing that. It helps nothing. I’m 40, by the way. Since November, I haven't thought a TON about it, at least not until the past few weeks. I must have 3-4 ablations before I’m done. Yay! My next ablation was scheduled for this Thursday, but guess what? I tested positive for COVID-19 on Febr
uary 1st. Upon speaking to my new gastroenterologist yesterday, he thinks we should postpone until mid-March. Ensue another freak out. This kind of thing really can’t wait. Even if I still test positive in mid-March, he is still going to push to go through with it. Apparently, sedation can cause some big issues with COVID-19 patients. Recently, I read an article about people STILL struggling post-COVID-19. People that got it in the beginning are still struggling. It’s been about a year now! I had nearly all the symptoms but did not feel I required hospitalization. I’ve had some respiratory stuff going on, but I don’t feel I need a ventilator. A few months ago, I reported some respiratory issues, so I started using Albuterol, the inhaler. I've gained a ton, A TON, of weight the past 15 months or so, and sometimes wonder if I'm just fat and that's all it is. With all the variants of COVID-19 springing up, I’m beginning to wonder if it’s just a matter of time until nearly everyone gets it. I've heard 
getting it provides some temporary immunity? I’m just frightened of how I’ll recover from COVID-19 and frightened by the fact my procedure has been postponed. Xanax helps me, but it’s hard to take during the day because it makes me groggy. I don’t know what to do. Depression is kicking back in, too. I don't feel therapy is of great help, so I haven't had a session in probably three months. When I was off work recovering, I was sleeping a lot. I woke up late in the morning or early in the afternoon many days and just felt the day had been wasted even though there wasn't much to accomplish anyway. My girlfriend stresses me out a lot. I owe big debt, too. I understand things can be worse, but I feel there's very little to be happy about. I get some joy in video games and from a funny Facebook group I'm in. I let them know I appreciate them. I just feel very alone in my very specific situation. I appreciate the folks that continue to come here to support others even when they may not need any themselves. 
I suppose when I’m doing so-so, I don’t check in because of fear of triggers and such. I’m sorry. Thanks for reading.Post Edited (1039smooth) : 2/23/2021 7:34:48 AM (GMT-7)"
175984809,I'm so tired I can't even think straight. I slept 6 hours last night but with the meds I'm on I require at least 10 hours. I feel horrible. I hope I don't sleep through my appointment tomorrow. I need to be up and ready to go by 10.
175984810,"I hope you'll be home soon, and can curl up under your weighted blanket."
175984811,Eh that’s been a while since I have been in a good mental state and tbh idk if you are or not. But the. Again you know your drugs and know how they are o. You and stuff.
175984812,Sweet Congratulations!
175984813,"_NAME_ and the Half-Blood Prince came out during my second ever stay at a psych hospital one time. My mom and stepdad and sister went and saw the movie without me in theatre. Funny thing, one of the staff brought in the bootleg of the movie. I looked at the staff member in the eye and was like, ""this movie JUST came out in theatres, how did he get a hold of the movie""... he was like ""shh, that's a secret."" but anyways I ended up getting to watch it in theatre after getting out. made my mom and sister take me."
175984814,"Sorry, but one can't assume that a generic is made in a different way from the patented form. A generic has to pass the same FDA standards, although the FDA can't always do all that is required in this regard, like inspecting manufacturing plants"
175984815,Do you know what triggered it?
175984816,I feel like I'm gonna faint
175984817,Maybe your mom was describing herself?
175984818,"Can you ask the doctor to raise the antipsychotic you take? I'm not sure which you're taking. That's something that usually helps me in the short-term. Raising meds. Also talking to the doctor about your concerns and needs to get stable because you have a lot of stuff to do with work and school and everything - could help. Also maybe tell the doctor you're not going to be able to get in with the psychiatrist for weeks, so is there anything he/she can do to help in the short-term."
175984819,I want my cleansing brush so I can deep clean my face. Gonna have the cleanest ****ing face.
175984820,Stay safe _AT_MENTION_
175984821,There are some great books and tools to help. I love biblio therapy. Let me know if you are interested and Ill give you some books and authors to look up.
174381280,A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of BIIB104 in Participants With Cognitive Impairment Associated With Schizophrenia (CIAS) - Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.gov Interesting new clinical trial for cognition in sz.......
175984822,"I wish I could go off of antipsychotics and just be put on a mood stabilizer for agitation - And if I have psychotic thoughts, I'll have enough insight as long as I'm not agitated enough to act them out.. Then I can drink LSD vials?? Idk.. My goal is to come off of the antipsychotic if I can't be prescribed Dexedrine boosters with the Vyvanse because I don't think it's worth it. Besides, my schizophrenia was caught early right?? At some point my brain will be healed like they promised me.. Although I did really F that up horribly. Anyways going skiing tomorrow morning - Taking both Vyvanse at 7:30am and then gonna drink a strong coffee =] It will be a really sunny day no wind. I can see the stars already!"
175984823,Having one of my dissociating panic attacks. Trying to snap myself out of it. I ate dinner but was in a complete daze the whole time
175984824,"I was really sore for awhile too, definitely several days at least, also I didn't eat solid food for a week, I pretty much just ate stuff that was easy"
175984825,Thank you for the response! I can’t tell you how this helped me. Last night was rough but I feel like I can get through today. Thank you so much
175984826,No not today. Maybe tonight or for sure tomorrow morning.
175984827,"It could have been just restless leg syndrome now that I think about it. Since it seemed to happen at night. If it's that, cutting back on caffeine can help. I've had akathisia before and it was really bad to the point it made me want to Possible trigger: impulsively kill myself to get rid of the feeling so maybe it's not that."
175984828,Idk I'm on olanzepine now. It seems to be a good mood stabilizer. I feel ok today =] But yeah.. I hate that I need to cope with motivation. My psychiatrist said that in 3 months we'll talk about motivation. So I seem to be doing better.
175984829,Trifle (for pudding)
174381285,"I am receiving more students and am getting closer to 20 hours a week. Thank you, God, for your blessings!! I will be ok. I am busy and am feeling tired but am happy so far. I have the late mornings and afternoons off. I sleep during this time. I feel good that I am working again and hoping to persevere! Next week, I see my doctor again. Thank you all for your support!!"
175984830,"I'm sick of companies serving scorching hot coffee. I asked for them to put ice in it and it's still smoking hot. It's been smoking for the past 10 minutes. I'd drink ice coffee but they douse that with cream and sugar, and I'm not trying to gain weight. >"
175984831,Feeling stressed cuz social media (Lmfao).. Gonna take 50mg CBD.
175984832,If it can all be explained by psychosis why assume it’s hearing loss? Horses not zebras
175984833,We should start a ukulele band lol
175984834,"From what I've heard, the generic has the same active ingredient as the brand name. However, the inactive ingredients may be different. I guess that might affect how powerful the drug is. I don't know how it works in Australia, but here if you really need the brand name, you can have the doctor specify that on the prescription."
175984835,I don’t know how student loans work in the US but I know because my sister has debt already she can’t get student loans in Canada.
175984836,"Substance craving trigger. Possible trigger: And I want a cigarette. My copd is bad because I can't leave the room and walk around. If I start smoking again I won't live much longer. But if I'm gonna die horribly maybe I should do it now when I'm not that old instead of hanging on until I'm old and hooked up to an iron lung. I want to go home and have a rum and Coke, and look at and touch my favorite things. And watch tv with the sound on. And order all kinds of snacks from Peapod. I want ice cream, and Cheetos, and potato chips, lots of different kinds of candy and drinks. I want everything. I want to roll a few cigarettes and smoke for a few hours. I feel sure that if I went back home I could smoke without falling back into it regularly. I miss everything about smoking. Even hand rolling my smokes. Hated doing it when I still smoked. I need an empty cig box with my _NAME_'s in it. Oh my g, my menthol tobacco is so good! When I first started vaping it was magical how each time I lit a smoke it tas
ted bitter and poisonous. It kept me from going back to cigarettes. But this past year I had a cigarette and it tasted like they used to taste, and I really enjoyed it. Right now I'd be happy to vape but first I'd like to smoke some tobacco."
175984837,People below me used to practice guitar...I actually enjoyed it....you could barely hear it though it wasn’t loud....
175984838,Did 30 minutes of yoga
175984839,Coffee...
175984840,I was told that I couldn't relax either. I spent my time on depression chats when I could.
175984841,Nothing haha I’m just sitting here thinking about what I want to eat
175984842,I still haven't heard from my therapist. I got a call from the clinic on the 16th which was supposed to be our appointment that she called in sick but still haven't heard anything back. I hope she's okay
175984843,"Guess what, I adore Te users so much because I have Te trickster. INFJ here"
175984844,Idk.. People say school like college or university isn't worth it. That really confuses me. I don't want to work a job I hate. I need friends. I'm too tired to think. There's no point anymore in trying. I've hit a dead end.
175984845,"Yes, yes I did."
175984846,"Finally got prescribed my Abilify. Now I just wait for the Vraylar to get out of my system and then I can start the Abilify. Hopefully, my mood will get better after that."
175984847,I’m actually afraid of people hurting me or killing me
175984848,"This is so frustrating. I was prescribed the new dose of wellbutrin Tuesday, and it was never ready until today, then I get it and it's a confusing dose so now I have to play phone tag with the nurse there to figure out if my doctor wrote the prescription wrong or if the dosing is different on the sustained release version . I just went ahead and took my regular old dose wellbutrin with my meds until I can get this figured out."
175984849,"Hi J and welcome to the A/P! I am really sorry to hear that you are having a tough time currently. Chronic illness and anxiety are often co-morbid, so know that you are not alone with this struggle. A couple of things to consider. Have you been on Prednisone previously, or is this your first experience with it? I ask because some steroids are known to cause/increase anxiety in some people. This may be a simple matter of your Rx causing this side effect. Also, being unwell is just a natural 'foot in the door' so to speak for anxiety. We are certainly more susceptible to stress when we are not feeling our best. Have you talked to your doctor about the possibility of an Rx for the anxiety? If not, maybe this is a conversation worth having. Therapy and/or self help are other tools that should be considered. We have links and material for the latter in our Resources at the top of the main forum page here. Be sure to have a look. Please post anytime with is if you find it helpful. We understand, care and 
support is key! _PERSON_ Cat"
175984850,Intrusive thoughts are probably my no. 1 problem right now. Dissociation and intrusive thoughts together are so horrible. Be kind to yourself!
175984851,"You could do both? I have a full time job but I volunteer on Monday nights, and I teach a class on Tuesday nights that is kind of volunteering, I don't get paid. It doesn't have to be something that takes a lot of time. And you can build skills to put on your resume! If you don't have a lot of job experience, or you have breaks in between jobs, volunteer work is one way to fill those gaps. It shows employers that you can show up and be responsible to be there, that you can contribute to a team, that you can work well together as a team, that you can accomplish goals, etc. Think about it. You don't have to do it. No one is going to make you. But it might end up being fun and help you with social connections. Whatever you decide, I wish you good luck. _PERSON_"
175984852,"They must both have anxiety properties. Have you tried either? What does the doctor say? I would ask the doc and let them recommend. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
174381317,"I did Okay today. I slept a lot cause I was sad, bored and lonely. But I feel better now. I'm playing my game, which always helps. What's nice about the game is I can spend time crafting in-game items and listen to the game music. It totally relaxes me."
175984853,"I feel like I am being needy, obsessive, and paranoid today. I asked a coworker if I was bothering her because I am being these things. She said I'm not being those things. I'm just funny. ????"
175984854,Not yet but I will.
175984855,"Best Friends Lifesaving Center 307 West Broadway New York City, NY 10013 P: 347-76ADOPT E: _EMAIL_"
175984856,"hey seaboard. well, thanks for putting in the effort to understand and know more about people like us with schizoaffective disorder. one thing you have to remember is were ""person before illness,"" because it's easy to slip up into playing the part of wanting to help too much, we just want to have a good date or read a book too. we're very normal with some extra challenges. just wanted to make sure you remember not to over-step and begin figuring us out with regard to our illness. you're obviously a good guy. just like dating with anyone we're just trying to have fun and make a connection. it's ok to have questions and i commend you coming here asking them. try an remember we're just dates like any other person."
175984858,Yes same for magazines. Idk if we have hoopla.
175984859,I put my tight pants on this morning and they didnt feel as tight! I'm still under 200.
175984860,Interesting
175984861,Don't use colouracetam. It's not tested and people develop permanent tolerance - Which is a red flag for me.
175984862,"I think perhaps I am, even though the situation is now on autopilot. She launched into anger mode on April 13 over of all things... Taxes. It seems this year we had a small tax liability, less than $150. Ordinarily, we would get a refund which always went into a 'vacation savings.' Suddenly she wanted to see W2's etc. So dutifully I gave them to her, after about an hour she texted -- her favorite means of communication-- and wanted me to come over and talk about it. It seems she paid more in taxes than I did, despite my making more. ""well that is not fair."" My response? It is all ""our money"" I do not differentiate with ""my"" money, why is it not fair? I pay for the tax prep and pay any shortfall. You have access to all the accounts, and it was your choice to keep the individual banks account sperate, even when we both have access. I pay all 95% of all household expense for repairs, cars, dogs, etc. I do most of the grocery shopping, and in fact, I am the primary cook. When we go out to eat I p
ay the bill, when we go on vacation we always overspend the savings, but I pay for all that. I ran a spreadsheet for her, and it showed I spend on average more than 10K a year on such incidentals. Her response > well it would be all our money if it were in one account. I calmly pointed out the separate accounts --even though both names are on them-- was, in fact, her idea. If you want to put it all in one account, I am more than happy to do so, as a matter of fact, I would prefer that. LOL her response ""I don't want to do that because I do not want to have to ask for money."" To which I replied ""Why would you have to ask? You would have a debit card as well as checks, and you have credit cards?? The response ...silence. Then she suggested that I write her a check for the taxes she paid. I asked her in what universe does that make sense? Two days later, I get a TEXT she wants a divorce. Two days after that -- your stuff is in the garage, you need to get it. I have calmly, and I think sanely, attempted to com
municate with her every few days or so. In the few times, she has responded the answer is always abrupt and _NAME_. She does have a habit of blocking people's text or their email -- so there is that possibility. I see her response for what they are and over the year recognized. My point I guess is at this juncture; it is more than clear to me this is not ""ordinary"" of if I can use the words ""every day normal."" But it does underscore something is wrong. Most of us do not go from happily married to ""I want a divorce"" in the course of a few hours absent physical abuse or infidelity (Happily that is not and has never been an issue). Even in the case of infidelity, many seem to consider a resolution at least. Her last response was I am unhappy and have been for a while. So in fairness, I thought about it, then back through the last nine months of text... Then I asked her ""When did you become unhappy, or better still what are you unhappy over? I even asked you on our drive to Florida last month ""Are you hap
py"" and you smiled and said yes"". Her response... ""I must have been drunk."" (Always a possibility with her) But in this instance she had been with me, driving for the last 6 hours. Not sure why I am saying all this save perhaps just to let it out. I do harbor the desire that she calm down and come to her senses but am at peace with the alternative. Her actions are consistent with her history and family history sooo life goes on. My last comment to her was ""I am not responsible for your unhappiness- but I am the convenient target."""
175984863,"I accomplished a lot on my anthology today. I organized everything, I need more poems though, really good ones that are Romantic in nature... I only have a handful as of right now. Dinner made mac and cheese with smoked sausage. Potatoes would have made it better."
175984864,"I would initially just take it slowly and gauge the situation. If you think he can handle your current situation and status, then tell him details little by little. I told the current person I'm involved with about my illness the second time I met him in person. He accepts me as me. He is not perfect either so we complement each other. It takes time to build a rapport. I would not tell them all at once initially about your illness and situation. It may be too overwhelming."
175984865,This happens to me when I was on low dose meds. If meds dont help maybe you will get used to it and then it will be less traumatizing.
175984866,Got a shower. Washed/dried/straightened my hair. Put on a clean hoodie. Ate a good breakfast. Came to work.
175984867,Thank you!!!
175984868,"Oh, and is there any means by which he could be raised by his father instead? He could be lashing out because he views himself to be trapped living with the weaker (in his mind) parent? That might be another avenue of therapy."
175984869,If your blocking the light from the window you need low light plants not succulents....
175984870,"Hi, I'm Rich, and I have anxiety and depression. My week has been kind of OK. I got to my twelve step meeting yesterday, which seems to make all the difference. It is a wonderful meeting, full of hope and good things to remember. Otherwise, my sister (who I live with) and I are selling our house to downsize into something more affordable. Of course this process has its disappointments, and we have to spend time making the house ""perfectly presentable"", but so far I am doing OK with the process. Thanks for listening. Love, Rich"
175984871,"Today was a good day turned terrible. I felt great, so excited to apartment hunt with my friends. Then my head felt lite. My throat felt like it was closing up. My chest felt like a huge weight dropped on top of it. This was my first time ever feeling this way. I couldn’t breathe. I thought I was having an allergic reaction from lunch causing my throat to swell and close, but it just didn’t make sense. I tried taking deep breathes. It started to lighten so we started toward another apartment complex... then I couldn’t breathe. In that moment, I thought I was going to die. I told my friend to head to the nearest emergency room. I saw that it was 20 minutes away on his phone. The panic set in. No matter what I did, I couldn’t get the air down. We ended up at a gas station calling 911. The ambulance came and put me in the truck. The checked all my vitals and said that physically, I seemed to be fine. Yet me chest never lightened and I still couldn’t get air down. After about 30 minutes of aw
kwardly and terrifyingly sitting there, I decided I could make it to the urgent care. Sitting in the parking lot, waiting to be called in, it felt like I was slowly starting to get air in my lungs. My chest was still so tight. It had to be something. I get called in and they take vitals, draw blood, collect urine, hook me up to the EKG, and give me a chest X-ray. Everything came back fine. They said there wasn’t anything physically wrong with me. I can’t accept it. I was dying. I could not get air. I thought I was going to pass out. Now I sit here and I feel devastated. Devastated that I thought I was dying but physically, Im ok. Embarrassed about the ambulance and even being in Urgent Care. Why did this happen? The day was going so well. Now I’m sitting here terrified of it happening again... which can cause it to happen again. Please someone tell me they understand. Please tell me I’m making any sense at all right now."
175984872,I thought you were sleeping too much these days?
175984873,"I am ready for my three day weekend off of work (_PERSON_ Sun_PERSON_ and Mon.) The girl that has been out of work due to Covid is coming back on Monday. She has a negative test result and she has been out the 14 days. The General Manager says she sounds like crap but if she wants to come back and kill herself that is up to her, as long as she is negative. She has pneumonia too. I hope that isn't catching."
175984874,"Sorry you’re still wanting to SH. I’m doing ok, not a lot to do so probably too much Netflix, I was really happy there was a new season of atypical."
175984875,I didn’t realize how much junk food I ordered. I guess the oat and honey breakfast bars aren’t much of a junk food idk.
175984876,perp lesson.
175984877,I have heard of eating coconut oil straight out of the jar - I understand it can aid against viral and flu infections.
175984878,I'm a part of a bunch of cat groups on Facebook so I'm always liking/commenting on peoples pictures of their cats and I like posting cat memes on my page. Ever since I unfollowed a bunch of people (you can unfollow people and not have their stuff show up in your timeline without deleting them) Facebook has been a source of joy for me. Like my timeline is all cats now basically
175984879,"Wow. I just happen to check the last payment to this complex and it says we owe $950. I have no clue what that's for, or why."
175984880,I just want peace. That is all I ask. But am an artificial adrenaline nut as well..
175984881,I had lucky charms for breakfast and I am drinking some black iced tea unsweetened.
175984882,I'm not that good at articulating so this could all go against me and I have no one on my side
175984883,I didn’t get the LWA btw... not sure how we will pay our bills.
175984884,scared to take meds and scared to not take meds. I'm ****_NAME_ either way.
175984885,"When I was at the family dollar earlier the lady in front of me had a massive cart packed with stuff. I figured it’d be awhile till I got checked out due to that. She saw what I had, just a few things, and told me to go in front of her. That was nice of her"
175984886,Hi Blu Welcome back to the forum good to hear from you but sorry to hear your health anxiety is causing you problems. I have always had a slightly low WBC and it’s caused me loads of anxiety over the years and I have been checked for all the possible suspects but it always comes back clear. I agree with the others that it’s probably a virus so try not to worry. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175984887,"I’m not an expert, but I think it’s something about TAAR1 receptor and reducing dopamine but not blocking it…(like it’s said on the video a posted before) that could be solution for the negative symptoms."
175984888,Yes I believe so
175984889,"This was awkward guys...the former owner and his employee called me from my desk to help them with some accounting stuff. So I went. But my new boss was sitting in a chair in the office and he watched as I was helping them do their work, and since the former owner isn't the one paying me anymore, it felt awkward because I was pulled away from my desk to go do work for someone else not on new owner's payroll. (Not that I was really working hard at my desk anyway. I've done what I can do with my work for the day until someone gives me the green light that it is okay to pay bills.) But new boss doesn't know that and he didn't look happy that I was pulled away from my desk to go help former owner. So I helped them quickly and explained a few things and then asked if they needed anything else and scooted back to my office. Where I promptly informed you guys of the situation!"
175984890,"Seems to me the practical part of this (reasonable safety measures) and the psychological part of it are separate, though I appreciate how easy it is to conflate them."
175984891,I just called about the job interview to follow up. They said they dont know yet; haven't heard anything from management about me. It's kinda tiring. But oh well.
175984892,"True, but he’s a conspiracy theorist in general. He believes a lot of bizarre stuff even if the facts are right there. He thinks this whole thing is the governments plot to control everyone."
175984893,You might. But mine started to work in 3 days. I got mine from amazon.
174381372,"There's one very interesting bipolar med that I would like to try: Lamictal (Lamotrigine). ""Off-label psychiatric usage includes the treatment of treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder,[32] depersonalization disorder,[33] hallucinogen persisting perception disorder,[34] schizoaffective disorder,[35] and borderline personality disorder."" Lamotrigine is definitely what I need..... I'm not gonna take any shroom microdose/weed/ket - I'll just have it in a collection - Cuz they're very BAD ideas.. Also Naloxone and Naltrexone work for dp/dr because they're opioid antagonists.. Honestly, last night I felt great from exercise... It must have released a lot of natural endorphins.. I felt like I was on a moderate-high dose of an opioid before I went to sleep.. I think I naturally have a lot of endorphins. I know that my genetics make me much harder to get addicted to opioids (They make me zoned out and depressed). The panic attacks over the past 2 weeks could have been from taking codeine.. Ver
y likely... It's hard for me to accept.. That I need meds... And not psychedelics.. lol.. Sigh.. I'm down to 250mg of phenibut and haven't taken any benzo in 3 days.. I'm fine right now.."
175984894,Glad you'll continue posting Desoxyn
175984895,I think it's over.. the panic.. Tired of this
175984896,Just got back from therapy. It went well. She said I may have adhd or add tho cuz my situation with school.
175984897,"Already negative comments on my article lol. But they are so like, like they don't make sense. _PERSON_"
175984898,"Good uncatchable prey I mean!* For example, yesterday I was walking down from the hike and I looked at the people coming down behind me... I said ""My mom is going to look behind her like I did"" and then I thought to myself, ""Since I think she will, she won't - But maybe this will be the first time that I'm right (The THOUGHT is always there that it's 99.9% unlikely - Although the FEELING is that it's 99.9% likely) - She didn't look.. And then she looked at the waterfall and THEN looked up at everyone. Things like this happen multiple times a day - And even thought they're nonsense, it feels like - What if I'm right for once? Am I then solipsistic and I'm God?"
175984899,That's how things are for me I don't actually see things.
175984900,"AppleBlossom: No worries...really appreciate your insights and tips...I need to know how the Bipolar mind functions so I can understand my wife better...yes you're absolutely right; the struggling need to seek help whenever possible...seems like a simple concept but in actuality, hard to execute...hope you had a smooth day today. theHTreturns: (I keep thinking about _PERSON_ when I see your _NAME_ lol) A couple of days...? OK cool...thanks for the tip too...yeah I figured maybe every day seems a little smothering...oh 'diagnosis' ok got it...hope you had a smooth day today too. Wife Update: After praying and mulling over carefully, I've decided to message my wife only at night after work. I recall messaging her during or before work a few years ago in her manic state and the reply/result was...catastrophic, to say the least. So today, I couldn't take it any longer and messaged her, ""Hope you had a smooth day today...thinking of you...*kiss*"" Surprise surprise...she replied ten minutes later with 
a 'What have you been up to recently' A little cryptic, but I replied that I was busy with work and went out with 2 male friends, one of which I played badminton with today. No reply after that. I wanted to ask her 'How about you' but decided not to cos' she didn't seem like communicating further...just letting her know that I love her and am there for her...not sure if it's too much, or too little, but it feels right to me... Personal Update: Went to the nearby sports hall to play badminton with my friend today...quite a good workout. Then treated my friend to Cedele cos' his birthday was just over a few days ago...treated myself to smoked Salmon poached egg pasta...delicious! And coupled with an iced chocolate. I figured I had to be nice to myself in the aftermath of everything...Going to message my wife at most once a day, or once in 2-3 days, whichever I feel like it. Collected a huge stash of DC Teen Titans graphic novels today (about $2 per piece!!). Passing them to my students so that they have somethi
ng decent to read during the holidays (I'm an English private tutor). All seems well so far...just need to press on and fight the good fight..."
175984901,I hope you feel better soon
175984902,Yes I did. Even the fish oil
175984903,"Hey all, I’m _NAME_, GAD and Obsessive thoughts. Was on 20mg Lexapro for about 2 and a half years. Felt I was on time come off. My dr and I worked out a slow weaning off schedule. This was in maybe March last year. All was well until about December. Took my last dose end of May. But boom, it all came back recently out of nowhere. Went back to my doc. We started me on 10mg lexapro again and maybe go up to 20 if needed. Recently, and even before going back on the lexapro, I’ve had the annoying and worrisome twitches and spasm in my left breast muscle. Of course it freaks me out cause it’d on the left side. It doesn’t twitch at the same rate as my heart, like on a different rhythm. And it’s not like my hearts racing or pounding hard. I read that lexapro really doesn’t cause this, not in the pectoral muscles at least. So of course I go down the rabbit hole and start googling. And everything I’m seeing it throwing me into a panic. Stuff like arteries being hardened and clogging, causing th
e muscles to contract. Also read that if this twitching/spasms continue long enough it can’t result in a heart attack. Sound familiar? Is this just on if our normal twitches from the world of someone with anxiety or could this really be something way more serious? Thanks in advance."
175984904,Omg these are extremely tiny....... And they didn’t give me 6. They gave me 9.
174381407,"I'm doing well. I took my medication this morning. I taught some classes afterwards. Then, I went out to pay my bills. I feel fine!! I slept after I came back and feel relaxed. I will teach again tonight. Life is continuing to hum along. I am receiving more students while some are leaving. I have a decent schedule. I want to earn more money though and signed up to substitute for other teachers but have not heard anything yet. I will be ok. I work daily for a few hours. I have good students too! I am happy but the weather is really hot. It is almost 90 degrees here with severe humidity. It feels like 100 degrees! I will stay inside for the rest of the day. I am happy. I have a place to stay, food to eat, and clothes to wear. I am stable because I take my medication. I take a shower nightly. I wear my makeup daily also. I feel awesome and am rather grateful about my situation. I wish I could meet people but have not due to the pandemic. I don't want to take any risks! I just stay in my apartment and 
go out if it is absolutely necessary. I like my life and don't want anything bad to happen."
175984905,"Yep, took everything."
175984906,"I was in depression for so long that it was all I've known and I started to enjoy it.. This happened a few months after my mind changed.. Neurons connected properly.. ""The big happening"" I'll call it.. I fell back into depression deeper than before for months to a year.. During that time, I was working in retail - Pushing shopping carts and packing bags. I said to myself, ""Is this all there is for me?"".. It was a dark cold winter after that trip.. I was vaping or smoking cigarettes for every break I had. My dad said ""This isn't the end - You're not going to be here forever"" but I accepted it as if it would never end. I looked at my watch every 5 minutes waiting to go home. During the summer, I listened to such good songs and making sense of things every day that I walked to work. Cigarettes were like sweet candy whilst the morning sun shined through the alley way. After, I remember walking to work through the park listening to ""Fade to Black"", sweeping my feet through the autumn leaves. I h
ad chills from head to toe, entactogenic - I started to feel better. I put all of my hope into that purchase of chemicals again in the summer.. My psychologist/psych nurse got mad at me and said ""Are you stupid?"" - That was before I took the entactogenic. I never felt so bad. After feeling so good from after, I found hope that I wasn't going to be in that permanent state. In the winter, I remember being in the garage, sitting on a tire in the cold and listening to ""Snow Patrol"" or something.. Thinking of making a rope. Very dark times. It was after I got released from the psych ward. I stopped taking the 80mg of Prozac (Fluoxetine) before it happened. I just got used to the depression. It can be comforting. It's like a defence mechanism to shut down and lose hope. Hope is a good thing though. Music got me through it all. I had no one and nothing but myself. It's confusing to look back at it all. It's one huge mess that is still continuing. I think I have atypical depression now instead of just melancholic 
which means that I can be depressed, but happy things can momentarily make me feel good.. We need to be easy on ourselves. The hardest critic is self. All of the memories, even the bad ones.. They keep us alive. Ego wants to live. Sui is a desperation to escape. I see myself as being more OK with just sitting and suffering - I just experience in BEING HERE NOW. My best memories are of talking to people once I was spiritually awakened. There's an energy that we manifest and we all have great fears.. But step into the water, and cross the river.. Do it!"
175984907,"I agree you shouldn't visit unless she asks you. But staying in contact is so important, and you don't need to be profound or even offer assistance. Instead send her pictures, or links to funny stuff you like, or photos of you taking a walk.Share stuff. Make it all brief. If she doesn't respond, slow it down. If she responds angrily, then stop for a week. If she responds favorably, let her know that you're on call for her. But say it in such a way that she doesn't feel pressured or guilty as a result of your words. You sound like a lovely, thoughtful guy. Good luck!"
175984908,I took my meds expected
175984909,_PERSON_
175984910,Hey everybody. I took all the snow off my my roomate's car and my own. Then shoveled all the around our cars and our walkway. She gave me affirmation which was nice. Now i'm just tinkering on my book.
175984911,Get some Ice cream or something too....
175984912,"tea, all types but mostly herbal, caffeine free I used to drink 2 cup of coffee early in the morning but realize they up my anxiety now it is just 1 cup of decaf --wish I could drink more coffee though"
175984913,"Thanks, I would be taking it for anxiety....I was just not sure about the take regularly vs. as needed. Doctors sometimes miss stuff! I had one prescribe a medication with sulfa recently despite an allergy I had listed in my records. Sounds like I would still keep Xanax for bad panic attack, but maybe try this for lower level anxiety?"
175984914,Hands Up - _NAME_. Listen to that song. It explains everything!
175984915,"I also experience high levels of anxiety in regards to social obligations. It's too much work and too many expectations with often no reward. As for being out and about, I find people extremely agitating and invasive. I often find going into stores like walking into a cage full of in-bred lab rats roaming around, mindlessly bumping into, and walking over each other. I'm still fairly new to this online socialization world. I didn't even know it existed until around the time I started coming here. In my first comment, I interpreted alone time as literally no human interaction at all. In excess, that level of isolation leads to derealization and then, if not circumvented, psychosis. That being said, prolonged anxiety turned into chronic stress can cause me psychosis too - but it takes more from that end"
175984916,Glad you get along with her and her place sounds awesome ??
175984917,I don’t know how much the abilify is really helping. I guess a little bit but it’s still not helping me sleep or anything. Maybe I’ll just see how it goes tomorrow morning without it and if I can’t focus I’ll call the doctor.
175984918,Oh no...
175984919,"I’m not sure what time you’re going to bed, but I go a nine mostly so I don’t miss half the day."
175984920,So good news about my sister they say the tumor is slow growing...they might be able to kill it with chemo and radiation without surgery. She needs a ct but right now they said they didn’t think it was attached to anything like bone which is good.
175984921,Naah. Idk. Just. Couldnt
175984922,Anyone here have any experience with metformin (for combating weight gain due to psych meds)? I think falcon may have been on it at some point but I forget
175984923,"My dearest friend has one of those; he's built like a tank and is extremely laid back / unphasable Whenever I drive down to stay with her and her husband, he'll sometimes wake me up in the middle of the night by standing on my chest, staring at me, purring. It hurts when he puts all his weight on one paw because he's so big, and he'll gently, infuturiatingly bite my nose if I don't wake up and stroke him for a while"
175984924,One More Time/Aerodynamic - Daft Punk
175984925,I guess my insurance is not going to cover the Latuda. So my doctor sent 13 weeks worth of Latuda samples. 1 week 20 mg. 12 weeks 40 mg. I'm not sure what his plan is. Just supply me with samples for however long I have to be on this? I started the 20 mg last night. So far I don't feel any side effects. Hopefully I won't have any.
175984926,"Also when I lift weights and run afterwards I feel like taking on the world. Don't know what that means necessarily. In tonight's case it just meant writing in my journal after drinking some coffee. But that's taking on the world, slowly but steadily. I am also planning for tomorrow."
175984927,My existence doesn't make any sense whatsoever. I say things that I don't mean all the time - Or that I don't believe.
175984928,I'm so agitated tonight
175984929,Took my night meds too Tomorrowdoc
175984930,Maybe I should stay up all night the night before to be mentally prepared for it
175984931,"_AT_MENTION_ I'm a HUGE fan of Animal Crossing lol I can't wait till New Horizons is out, it looks so good"
175984932,"Good morning. Slept 10 hours 13 minutes. Feeling pretty good. Just took a shower, drinking some coffee and waiting for my hair to mostly dry till I take the bus to Walmart"
175984933,I'm frustrated today.
175984934,Awesome!!!!
175984935,I have that it’s very handy.... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175984936,Dealing with the Risk of Suicide with Bipolar Disorder Being aware of the risk and putting plans into place to deal with those feelings takes some of the power out of it. Read how here: https://blogs.psychcentral.com/bipolar-journey/2019/10/dealing-with-the-risk-of-suicide-with-bipolar-disorder/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=93949c66ca-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COP ...
175984937,"rotisserie chicken, potato salad and fiji water"
175984938,Today seems to be just crawling. Ugh.
175984939,I missed my therapy appt
175984940,"i used to invest more in what the voices said to do, once when i was around 11 or 12 voices told me to cut down a small christmas tree. I rode my bike down the road to a small village and there was a lovely little scotch pine i sawed down out of someones yard and took it home and put it up in my room as my personal christmas tree. In my twenties it was more self harm things that after awhile i fought against, i didn't like having to hide parts of my body anymore and replaced that behavior with other things. Isn't it a colorful life it creates for the delusionals. tams i bet those ppl were mad the next day that was a really nice little tree."
175984941,I hear Crime and Punishment is good but really long.
175984942,"Yikes, I know. I just wish my psychiatrist was willing to be more part of the conversation. My therapist was telling me that I need to be more assertive with my psychiatrist and see if my psychiatrist can actually help with me not having any creativity, a lack of emotion, etc. Then, if he can't, I guess, then I will switch docs."
175984943,I have been having extreme anxiety attacks while driving. It’s only started after Remicade but my doctor pretty much told me “ no way”. Thoughts?
175984944,Yeah it is a lot. Is that how much you're taking every day?
175984945,Pdoc expected geodon to be 30 dollars for me. Buts it's only 3 dollars.
175984946,I started re-reading a book I have on Zen. It helps me a fair amount.
175984947,"So the culprit of my current stomach pain is, dairy, liquid, and popcorn with hot sauce on it. Combined."
175984948,"Hi BV, I honestly probably am no help but wanted to welcome you to the anxiety forum. There are others here with OCD and I think that they will have suggestions for you. Sundays are a little slow but things pick up during the week. You will probably most likely get responses then. Not that you wont get any today but you never know. I hope you find help for your son. I took _PERSON_ for awhile and it is kind of calming. I don't know but it may be a good medication for your son. I think that the OCD can be treatable. I am sorry about the obsession with bugs. I hope he gets past that. Because they are everywhere. I hope you find a therapist that helps. It really makes a difference in one's life to have a therapist that you can click with or work with. Keep us posted on how things are going with your son. Many blessings, Hugs, _NAME_..."
175984949,"She’s looking at a really expensive area in San _NAME_. Anyway, that’s all I know because I seemed to have blacked out mentally for the rest of the convo from shock. She actually has a timeline. Anyway. I need to make a plan to secure my life now more than ever."
174381455,"Picked up 100mg clozapine tablets from the pharmacy, gonna eat supper and then take meds"
175984950,"Indeed, all of them"
174381454,"desoxyn, you mentioned dopamine schizophrenia and serotonin schizophrenia. How do they differ, and what causes them?"
175984951,"Yeah my meds are: lithium, Latuda, and Abilify. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175984952,Zen in the Art of Archery by _PERSON_. Also just finished Lake Success by _NAME_.
175984953,"Hi im not good with inspiration but a lot of songs lyrics I totally feel. Its like they get me. I have a huge Playlist from rap to country. Sad songs, angry songs, heartbreak etc. Depends on my mood"
175984954,"Yes, actually."
175984955,Does the doctor know you’re doing this?
175984956,I dont get my SSID taxed because it's under a certain amount. I've read the ssdi manuals and many websites up and down for years now.
175984957,Guacamole on toast
175984958,"Mouth breathing is irritating , but combined with tiny manicured hands, is disgusting (( shudder))"
175984959,Some increase the level of alcohol in your system. Some will cause more drowsiness esp with a new med. After awhile the body can moderate itself whilst under moderate consumption. HT
175984960,This has totally escalated out of control.....
175984961,Someone please tell me why I’m playing 3 MMORPGs at once. RIP real life ? I do wish I had someone to game with that I knew. Besides fiancé but we don’t even play the same games. I sold my Xbox.
174381449,"My IQ is gone.. Somewhere.. I was never rebellious. My avoidant, recluse personality, self isolation and fear of standing out from being in any group saved me from being bullied or harmed. It worked. I'm like a turtle. I peak out and all I see is madness so I go back in.. I will stay in my shell. YouTube"
175984962,"Maladaptive daydreaming. Its a general condition, mostly associated with ADHD, it would seem."
175984963,"""Unnatural Selection"" It's really interesting. My mom likes genetics. It's cuz she got me to watch a video on TV about using bats to save us from viruses and cancer - But it ended. I feel like I can't decide on what to do. Does that mean I'm bad at making decisions in general?"
175984964,"Thanks _PERSON_ , I appreciate it. I'm laying down with one of my cats now. I just have been laughing for no reason and on the verge of crying at the same time, so I'm not really sure what's up."
175984965,"I saw my old boss last week. That handsome guy hasn't change a bit. He's built like a giant or a football player. He felt uncomfortable around me, but warmed up after I shook his hand. For years he was like a father figure for me, when I didn't have a real one. It's crazy how many of his sayings I adopted from him. lol I didn't leave with class, it was my fault. Plus I was still wrestling with sleep, losing every day. Seeing him made me self reflect a lot that day..."
175984966,That's great SP!
175984967,Do you use THC or CBD in your vaporizer? Best to stop.
175984968,But I guess I can just take longer to do it if I'm really dedicated
175984969,I've been struggling with taking showers. I take one 1x a week
175984970,I’m going to eat dinner. I promise. I’m not going to let the thoughts win. They’re dumb and destructive.
175984971,"I cant find anything about geodon and caffeine or alcohol but I swear I cant drink much of both of those while on it. Caffeine makes me sick on it and alcohol, well I can barely drink a sip while on it."
175984972,I'm glad I have my illicit supply of Benadryl because I've just started itching again damn it. I'm so glad I brought my own pillow back here on Saturday. They just exchanged the two I had for 2 big ones with that tacky material on them. My teeth hurt and I feel sad and abandoned. My friend is going through a cooling off period and forgetting me.
175984973,"That's how I've been feeling lately too. I want to get out and exercise, take walk, spend time out of the house.. I'm restless and have to wait till the morning to go anywhere because it's not exactly safe around here at night"
175984974,You forgot to put “havnt but going to” so i answered i wont.
175984975,Welcome back
175984976,Pink _NAME_- Shine on you crazy diamond
175984977,"With anxiety/panic attacks we typically do not breath correctly, hyperventilating or forgetting to breath commonly happens. An easy way to know if what you are experiencing is indeed anxiety/panic is to get a small paper bag (paper lunch bag), covering your mouth and nose with it breath in and out into the paper bag. This will allow your breathing to normalize and if it's due to anxiety/panic you will notice you are no longer breathless, winded, or out of breath and slow down your heart rate. This is also an easy and cheep way to calm down from an anxiety/attack."
175984978,"Who is watching you, _PERSON_? Hey, _PERSON_--what are your current meds, if you don't mind me asking? Sending you stregth!!"
175984979,Not doing too well today. I texted my T because I'm still feeling Possible trigger: suicidal She texted me back saying she is Possible trigger: praying for me and a picture of _NAME_ the _PERSON_ and Piglet hugging. Kind of needed something more than that. Oh well. If it keeps up I'll have to go to the hospital. But I'm hoping it gets better soon.
175984980,I think I'm gonna do it. My meds are fine but I need better strategies for dealing with doubts and indecision and stuff like that.
175984981,"Getting my **** together as in.... Having a better mental state, overcoming struggles, forgetting the past and looking towards the future.."
175984982,Yup and I'll take my evening med after dinner
175984983,I just had a whole breakdown about this racial injustice. You really don’t understand how it affects you til your the center of it (black people).
175984984,There's no set box to put you in... you are uniquely yours... You're tweaky
175984985,Life is more beautiful than I am able to realize.
175984986,Paid for a haircut and bought groceries
174381519,"I've been pacing and practicing what I'm gonna say tomorrow. ""Hello, my name is , I am 21 years old and this is my second time at [facility name]. I have schizoaffective disorder...."" etc etc I don't know, I can't tell if I'm looking forward to this or dreading it."
175984987,Always had good luck with spider plants.
175984988,Yes the sweet and savory go great together
175984989,This is the news I need.
175984990,Just colored this in my gaming coloring book I got from that organization for free.
175984991,"Went for a walk in the park today. Chilly, below freezing. First day I had to wear a hat. I saw the cutest dog"
175984992,Nice!!.........
175984993,"Made my first ever weekly schedule starting tomorrow 22nd (22nd - 28th June 2020) - It took me 70 minutes to make. Every second day Shave, shower/cold shower (23rd, 25th, 27th) Every day (22nd - 28th) Coffee, nicotine gum, PC, Snapchat, Messanger, Music Meds taken Hygiene Chores Learn one new word in English and one new word in Spanish One hour of podcasts (JRE/DTFH/_NAME_) An hour of reading (TBGCU) Memory journal (End of day) Once a week 90 minutes of researching investing in stock market, cryptocurrency and day trading (Discord and reddit, psychonaut and investing servers). (23rd) 90 minutes of learning about one different country. (22nd) An hour of learning how to make money online. (25th) 45 minutes of researching conspiracies (24th) 30 minutes of solving hard puzzles on brain game apps and internet (26th) 30 minutes of looking up research papers on the brain in relation to self, meds, pharma, neuro, brain waves, psychedelics, cancer drugs, etc (27th) 30 minutes learning about number theory, c
oding and cryptography (28th) 30 minutes learning about the dark web, hacking, virus protection, VPNS etc Twice a week Exercise (Gym, snowshoeing, hiking, mountain biking, running, skiing) (23rd and 24th) Reading a short story (25th and 26th) 2 hours of playing guitar and/or piano, finding inspiring songs by listening to music - Maybe writing songs and poems. (25th and 27th) An hour of learning about nutrition and water fasting (23rd 28th) 90 minutes of playing video games (Steam, Xbox, PS4, - Look up about VR headsets on YouTube) (22nd and 26th) An hour of mysticism, philosophy, religion (Buddhism for example), meditation and spirituality (25th and 28th) An hour about futurism and technology (27th and 22nd) Three times a week An hour of doing one of each online courses (Online neurochemistry course, geometry course and physics course) (25th, 26th and 28th) An hour of Netflix (TMNG, Black holes/Cosmos, nuclear energy - And others) (23rd, 25th and 27th) 30 minutes of watching the news (Any of the 3 days) 30 mi
nutes of meditating (A goal: When feeling like it in any of the 3 days) If anyone has any thoughts or feelings let me know =] It kind of makes me laugh that I did this cuz I'm not sure even... idk I wrote it all in 7 daily planners."
175984994,I've been sleeping 6 hours a night for the past week instead of 12 hours.
175984995,"Hello .I am bipolar 2 and taking Lamictal 300 mg per day.I was still off a bit so I have started 20 mg of Latuda .I have read up on it and as usual, it is good for some and bad for others !!Do any of you have thoughts or experience with Latuda.Thank you."
174381542,"Hey, PP. Welcome!!! My first mental health diagnosis was major depression at age 33. Became manic and psychotic at 41 and picked up a bipolar 1 diagnosis. I am now 56 and my illness has become more and more classically schizophrenia-like. We are not sure what to call it. Reviewing school records and talking with persons around me as a little one, it is now crystal clear that I had early childhood-onset bipolar-schizophrenia illness of a sweeping kind. So, your story is not at all uncommon around here. Hang in there! You are not alone. Love and hugs!"
175984997,"That one got me hard, man."
175984998,I just have the worst habits.
175984999,WTF &@!#?!
175985000,Time for sleep. I only got 48 minutes total of sleep in the past 36 hours Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985001,I'm out of the hospital finally! And I am so not reading over 300 posts...
175985002,"Yesterday, women were all day long imposing their wills on me. From the AC to a smoke monitor who wouldn't listen to me about unscrewing the coil from the chimney. It was a really unpleasant day, and that's a complete understatement. I begged my friend to let me get out of here. I can't do it without financial help. So now the coil is connected to the chimney instead of screwed into the base. And she would not listen to me. So this tank is on borrowed time. If I'm lucky I'll try to unscrew/separate it from the base. At least I found a few 10ml bottles of Tiger Stripe and Cinnamon Roll and Mystery Flavor. She filled it for me - as long as she's there it's just going to be done wrong. Have to hope for luck to refill it when she's not there. And pray my friend will send me a new tank asap. I've been asking for one for months now, and he's not been paying attention. Anyway, there's no throat hit since yesterday. I don't know why. Even vaping Cinnamon Roll there's just no throat hit and it's not giving 
me the vape I need. I'm really depressed these days. I hope everyone is doing well."
175985003,"Ive been coming up with material for my new short story and im absolutely SLAYING IT! I also use an app on my cell phone and use a speech to text thing for notes very quickly so I can record ideas quickly. it's helpful. This short story, im getting a lot of material. I have the beginning, and a lot of te middle, but how I get there at the end, I do not know yet. This one is going to be ****ing hilarious and absurd!"
175985004,Read for 3 hours
175985005,It's true! And thanks yeah.. Idk.. I need to stop being so hard on myself.
175985006,Started reading Reformation Women--got about three chapters in by _NAME_.
175985007,"Very much so, a bit like the world's worst harpy Twitter storm or Trunked radio lynch mob."
175985008,"super20dan said... no issues at all on celexa . I am on the smallest dose only 10mg . I plan to stay on this low dose as long as its effective. I failed on 4 ssri,s before this one and did research and found this ssri is recommended for those who cant usually handle stronger ssri. if ssri isn't for you-you should ask your dr about other options. let me ask you do you feel worse since trying celexa or same as before you tried it? I feel worse my central nervous system feels totally broken, My body keeps vibrating in different areas like my lungs, legs, head I can’t sleep without pills and it’s made my body so much weaker Celexa literally ruined my life"
175985009,A religious book
175985010,I hate it when that happens.....luckily it’s never happened since I switched to Walgreens......
175985011,Yeah! That's great! New shoes! New shoes always make me happy!
175985012,This haldol is making me hella tired. I slept til 11am this morning.
175985013,My doctor thinks it’s fibroids but _NAME_ go into the gyno
175985014,"Okay, ever since sz struck me I can no longer understand sarcasm. What that a sarcasm mic drop or are you serious?"
174381580,"Thank you for your concern. I sleep about 11 hours a day. I try not to drink too much coffee and drink about 1 cup a day. Coffee is very stimulating for me and makes me nervous. I can try to drink more coffee but don't want the anxiety. I used to drink 2-3 cups of coffee per day. But, it was affecting my work. I was told I speak too fast and act nervous while caffeinated. Thus, I don't drink too much of it anymore. It does keep me awake also. I am sleepy in the mornings because I take my medication in the mornings also. I could switch it to the evenings but don' t want to do so because I might forget to take it. As a result, I am sleepy in the mornings and take naps during the day. I feel fine now. I am not sleepy after napping. I don't sleep that much at night about 5 - 6 hours because of my schedule. This morning I woke up at 4:45 am and had students from 6 am onward. Then, I had a break from 9am. I restart at 7pm again to teach more students. I initially did not like this schedule but like it no
w because I can nap during the day. I am doing fine. Tomorrow, I have to wake up at 5:45 am . I have students from 7am onward. I will be fine. I know I complain about being sleepy but it is not that bad. I am happy!! Life is grand!"
175985015,I got locked out of my account so I had to create a new one. I don't remember how many messages I have to write before I can put back my signature. Stupid rule.
175985016,"_PERSON_ when I feel like the way that you're describing, I can barely even type. It's like I'm a ball of adrenaline lost in space.."
174381585,"Have you posted in the schizophrenia forum? They can tell you their experiences. I know schizophrenia can be treated and people can do well. I can understand your anger at the people who abused you. We also have forums where you can talk to other people who have gone through that. I don't suggest you have a gun now. Please, please don't hurt yourself. We care and want to see you better. Okay? I have bipolar, which is a life-long disorder, but I am stable on meds now.."
175985017,Possible trigger: I want to see myself bleed... I need to bleed out... I want to bleed out
175985018,"Thanks for the encouragement, it means a lot I’ve shared this on Snapchat but here I uploaded it for you."
175985019,Charging my headphones. I need a pill damn it. I don't know if ativan would help but I wish I could find out. I have only one half mg. I want to go home and spend some quality time with my pills. And touch some of my favorite things. I want my vape so much. I think my friend mailed me my supplies and I really really want them. When I think of having to be locked up in my room I feel sick and nauseated. I'm missing my favorite weather again.
175985020,"4.5% but there could be more than 22 people before the next death....it’s an average of large numbers, there’s too much variation to calculate from one death. Besides if you count the cruise ship there’s more than 22 cases really."
175985021,"It's been hard for my sister to get an appointment for her cat (_NAME_, that's coming to live with me eventually) and she has to buy a new type of carrier for her since she refuses to get in the one she has (it causes her too much anxiety) so she's getting her one where she can see out the sides and the top. So eventually, maybe not soon, but eventually when there's an opening and they can get her in to be seen then I'll be able to have her move in with me. I think having a cat again will help a lot with my anxiety. When I had _PERSON_ and _NAME_, they helped me a lot. Especially when _PERSON_ would lay on my chest and purr."
175985022,"I'm hardly ever alone with my thoughts anymore. So I find it hard to be now. I'm either at work, or on the phone with someone, or on social media, or of course asleep."
175985023,Yup I think my hypomania/mania/whatever is gone. I feel myself going down.
175985024,"_AT_MENTION_ I have to admit, too, writing is hard. And it’s not the writing so much that makes it hard, it’s about being able to consistently put work out, in order to be professional. I have days when I don’t know what to write, but mostly days where I don’t feel up to writing. But ambition definitely is part passion and part drive. Even though I have a heck of a passion for writing, I have to consistently push to put out work. Whether I want to or not, unfortunately. I mean, as far as being professional. Which can get tough. That’s probably the toughest part. The writing part is easy. I believe you can do it. I really do. I started by sending my work to magazines both online and in print. I worked super hard but I also had this amazing drive and motivation while I had my regular job. I ended being published to places like on Yahoo .com, The Mighty. A few indie blogs, Parade magazine (which is a print magazine you find on magazine shelves in the store), and even ended up working with a 
major pharmaceutical company (which was my biggest piece and got the most money for). I have a blog too. But those last 2 I was sought out for my work because I consistently put my work out there the whole last year and some parts of years before that. I truly believe you can do it. You just gotta find that drive."
175985025,"Hi Andwes, You are going to get through it! Start early so you can go at your own pace. Take your time and like SC said, allow for breaks. You will get moved. I know the fear. I am hoping to move too, but scared to do it. Sometime in the future though... I wish you well... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175985026,"Just took a shower. Turned the temp to cold for the last minute of it. Definitely woke me up! Was gonna go to the grocery store today but thinking maybe Monday instead. My sister is stopping by around 2 to drop off my money, my game, and a shirt I ordered."
175985027,"Doing better now, I set up an appointment with my old therapist. That is good news. I was in bad shape. Crazy that just the fact that I set up an appointment with her makes me feel slightly better."
175985028,I made a new roll call! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985029,I need help. I can’t do it alone.
175985030,I feel calmer tonight because I exercised today Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985031,The weather has been really ****** here for like two months. I think everyone is miserable.
175985032,"If lack of sleep didn't affect me so much, I'd stay up in the AM's more. 24 hours without sleep and I start to get ""microsleeps"", I get paranoid and so focused on my thoughts that when people are talking, I don't understand what they're saying.. I find myself whispering to myself when I'm thinking.. Sleep is extremely important. I'm not sure about mania maybe someone else can help - But it is an impulsive thing.. The older I get, the more scared I am that people think I'm 'crazy'.. I used to just not even be aware that I wasn't 'normal'.. I caused a lot of confusion. So being aware is that you're still being responsible but also scared of your mind... And you shouldn't be. If you have a PRN like seroquel or olanzepine, that'd be great. Even a benzo works as long as it's just a one time thing. Distraction, meditation.. You've came a long way to getting better and not posting on here as much, doing math, coding etc... Sometimes it can be too much and you need a break. There's a spiritual element th
at you might need to figure out like balancing things out.. I hope you'll be ok <3"
175985033,It also seems like my computer is about to fry. Like it's running super hot and this is not good. I would hate to lose my computer right now especially. I think I'm completely insane right now. I'm worrying about my computer instead of myself. The ironic thing is that the meds have been increased. And I feel this way right now.
175985034,I'm getting back on MyFitnessPal. I havent been on it lately. And just logged my food today. I did awful. 1700 cals today before 5pm!
175985035,sorry i didnt mean to upset you
175985036,A new episode of Fruits Basket is coming out tomorrow. can't wait. It's the only show I've been able to sit down and watch here lately. I love Fruits Basket <3
175985037,"Mostly shadow ""people"", sometimes it's more humanoid than human. You know with like long thin limbs and an uncanny face, like you'd see in a monster. One time I swear I saw a catlike figure."
175985038,Enjoying this book about mindfulness for bipolar disorder. I've always found mindfulness very helpful. It's interesting reading the science behind it too.
175985039,"I was gonna get some sausage biscuits this morning. But I'm literally so hungry. So I plugged the microwave back in to make ramen. Still might get sausage biscuits. I need some meat for breakfast. We have packed every last thing now, except for fiances computer, my computer, TVs' etc electronics we need for everyday use. We havent bought groceries in a week. We are gonna eat out the next 2 days. Just cheap fast food to get us til friday. Then we will get groceries on friday. I cleaned out the fridge last night and having ate everything there was only condiments left and a few frozen vegetables. Not even drinks."
175985040,"I was bad today and bought a bunch of books online, and also some skin care from Sephora. I shouldn’t have spent the money but alas... Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175985041,I have to try to remember that. It’s hard not to feel alone with mental illness.
175985042,I feel like drinking alcohol
175985043,Have you eaten anything that sometimes helps.....
175985044,_AT_MENTION_ Good to see you back on the forum. Missed you!
175985045,"I've been sitting here, waiting to fall asleep and I think to myself, I'm content. And I'm not even on phenibut (Just a maintainence dose). The weed is really helping and daily 5mg olanzepine to prevent psychosis. I havent had psychosis or stress in a few days. Everything is ok. I'm so happy.. now I sleep.. I'm doing all of the things I'm supposed to do to.. I can't or no one can expect anything less.. I meditated for a few minutes and with each new breath in and out, I was able to think about nothing.. There's nothing bothering me. I'm in touch with reality. Tomorrow I think will be a very good day. I'm excited for tomorrow. I'm gonna smoke a little weed every day now."
175985046,Beautiful...may they serve you well....
175985047,I can’t wait to try the protein pancakes with the maple syrup
175985048,School is one of the key ways to grow in terms of jobs and people/relationships. It elicits slow change over time. You’ll get there.
175985049,"Do you have a payee _PERSON_? I have my sister as my designated payee, so it stopped my impulsive spending, after over 3 years of that I'm getting to the point where I may soon not need one anymore because I can control myself much better"
175985050,LTJ Bukem - Fusion Chill Out 2 (A Side) (1994) - YouTube
175985051,"Hi, I am doing ok, I have an appointment with a new therapist tomorrow and I will see how it goes. I just want to be back to my old self. I’m still worried about everything and what if I developed a new illness? What if I am depressed? What if I never get better? What if’s are just so bad lately. Last week my chest ache and my arms and I thought I was going to have a heart attack and then I realized oh well Iworked out my chest and arms that day lol I laughed at myself ...my muscles were sore ...I’m Willing to try everything to get better ...this is debilitating me"
174381639,Yikes indeed. Is it helping with psychosis? For me it helped with delusions but not paranoia. I was very paranoid on Abilify - Especially before the injection wore off.
175985052,"I LOVE ""The Princess Bride"" It's funny, romantic and all around fun movie. Guaranteed to cheer you up no matter what!"
175985053,The fckin flea market was a complete bust. I swear. It was like 5 individuals selling stuff in the dead mall across town.
175985054,"Wow, ironic to hear that. I recovered after that viral infection, but as I said it took 3 years before I felt ""normal"". I am in another one of those funks due to a course of antibiotics a couple months ago. Those medications can really do damage to your gut and ability to produce energy I found out. I am back on Adderall now which again has helped me a lot. I seem to be getting a bit better each week, so hopefully this episode is much shorter than 3 years. But, at least adderall is there to help things out a bit. 1 2"
175985055,"Yes still on that, I was fine until this week, it started with a conversation about a Dorito that’s out there that makes you sick so spicy. Since I have been to the hospital for eating spicy my thought was like omg that thing would kill me why do they make that? From there my anxiety went so bad...every day is like what if? Why do these thoughts come to my mind? And fear comes to my mind."
175985056,I've been sleeping 12 hours a night lately even with the Vyvanse. **** I'm exhausted. Getting ready in the morning is the same **** every day. It's getting boring.
174381630,I posted ( a while back) about the side effects I was having with Abilify. I had to cut a 2 mg pill in 4 in order to have less side effects. It took a long time but I have been on 2 mg a day for 2 weeks and all is well.I will be staying at 2 mg per day until it has to be increased..Such a long adjustment period for such a small pill!!!!!
175985057,"it is one that has got through globally. Yes, the developed world is being smacked in the face with the reality axe. and so it should be. But yes my heart breaks.... but not just for covid, for the those already gone through hell, and still are ebola, aids, hepatitis, starvation, the list goes on and on. chernobyl....still having its effects. mers and sars were the warm up act to covid 19. HT"
175985058,"Couldn't sleep well last night. Kept waking up because of pain (princess period is visiting). So my sleep was all disrupted. I still managed to get up nearly on time but I don't feel as well today as I did yesterday, emotionally. I felt really okay yesterday and today I feel like I can barely keep my head above water. IDK why. Like nothing happened except the sleep thing."
175985059,"Thanks! I'm always nervous about taking medication I've never taken before for the first time, but I'll be out for awhile tomorrow so that should take my mind off of it"
175985060,Showered and shaved my head after not cutting it for 3 weeks.
175985061,"I tried my hardest to sleep last night but I couldn’t do it. Just felt wired. Didn’t look at my phone, dark room, closed my eyes. I got some but not much."
175985062,I don’t know what to do with my time right now like at this moment. Could do a lot but I don’t know what to do you know.
175985063,Took one an hour ago
175985064,"I’m good with visualization. What I need to do is the opposite, I need to focus on my surroundings so that I can stop blaming my furnitures for keep moving around when I’m not looking and bump my knees on them because of that"
175985065,"You're doing great by having a routine. That's not to say that even with a routine you won't have setbacks. It doesn't mean you failed or that you're grieving ""wrong"". It just is the _USER_ID_ or waves of emotions that have a different impact. The below article is titled Help for Those Who Grieve, and the subarticle, Coping with Grief - What you can do Today has excellent suggestions for ways to help yourself. Sure enough, #7 is having a routine. And I love the cited scripture Ecclesiastes 5:20 that goes with it. So keep doing what makes you feel better and have a look, see if there's anything you're not doing that maybe you want to try. And if you have any other questions or want to know about similar topics, feel free to visit JW. org for more information. Best wishes. https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&issue=2018-11&pub=g18&srcid=share"
175985066,I'm gonna be eating protein bars forever lol I already have a box of 18 coming from amazon. I figure it can't hurt to have a lot of them around just in case I end up running low on food at some point
175985067,The pics you take/post are really beautiful SP.
175985068,"Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy by _NAME_. It's a good book, and I figured it can't hurt to know more about what might contribute to my mood problems, even though I don't necessarily have such problems right now. I also just recently finished _NAME_ by _NAME_ and Identity by _NAME_ and a couple other books in addition from my list."
175985069,"Yeah was wondering where you were yesterday. Pizza sounds good _PERSON_ told me your steam username, I’ll add you when I get on steam"
175985070,He doesn’t want to. She lives in Fort Worth. That’s at the least 1.5 hours away if not 2. That’s without traffic and it’s traffic time here. Albeit he wouldn’t be home til 9 or 10pm. He’s not gonna do that. Why can’t her kids come get her?! It’s ridiculous.
175985071,Hey I need help getting though my hard time in my life
175985072,"I don't even have my full licence. I get nervous driving, and even more nervous taking driving tests. I failed twice. I was going to try again last year but, well, pandemic. Was hoping to get it this year... I hope one day this year I get it, and then I can save up for a car. I'm putting money in my savings so maybe one day I'll be able to afford a car to go with my licence."
175985073,When the doctor first figured I was bipolar he put me on valproic acid and it made me really depressed all of a sudden so that's when we tried Latuda and I've been fine until the beginning of this year. I hate to see the psychiatrist but I just hate being like this and wish I could have something done RIGHT NOW. I'm getting tired by this. My doctor put in a rush request for the psychiatrist but with the health system it's still not 'next day service'.
175985074,Thank you guys!!! Thanks Bb!!!
175985075,Instill in an extremely intelligent species a high degree of emotionality and you get an irreparable clusterf*ck.
175985076,I hope it got better.
175985077,No but it’s been on my list of games to get for awhile now
175985078,I know I've said it a lot lol but abilify did this exact same thing to me
175985079,"I guess this is a bit depressing... but then, so is life https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbqGWTxwZEA&feature=youtu.be Depressing songs can be uplifting."
175985080,"That's awesome, hope it goes well! It is crazy how fast time flies, my niece just started high school this year"
175985081,"“Pills help but don’t save” “You don’t need them, flush them”"
175985082,Well I can.. But like.. ****
175985083,Saw my doc. He upped my haldol to 15mg and my lithium to 1125mg. He wants me to try ECT if that doesn't work
175985084,"I play ukulele and guitar. A lot of people grow out either their forefinger nail or thumbnail or both. It makes the playing easier to pluck the strings. If u see one or both on someone, it’s a good chance they are a guitar player."
175985085,"God, the things I type while in a mixed episode of mania and psychosis. Holy cracker..."
175985086,^$#%^!!! You got excellent taste in _PERSON_. _PERSON_! You'd be fun to get high with (or maybe not!!! ). I've actually visited Cahokia Mounds...
175985087,"_NAME_, I am so sorry for the late reply...I have been SWAMPED with work and extra life stuff these last few days. First of all congratulations on your sobriety! This is an amazing accomplishment and one you should be extremely proud of! It's also something you should be able to enjoy...so I hope that you can get your anxiety management plan where is it needs to be! You are going about getting the answers you need in ruling out any physical cause for the way you are currently feeling...so good job there. However, I would not be surprised if everything checks out fine. Anxiety has new ways of getting our attention through morphing symptoms and panic attacks that feel different from what we previously remembered. So if you indeed get a clean bill of health from your doctor...can you go about discussing your options for treatment? IDK if you have already tried therapy and/or medication...but both are great tools. If you have tried these in the past, but are currently not using these treatments...revis
iting one or both may be a step you want to take. Self help is another great coping skill to use daily. If you need new material/more information on this, see our Resources at the top of our main forum page for great ideas. Keep posting with us as well. We understand, care and support is key! Let us know how your test returned and how you are doing soon, okay? S.C."
175985088,"You've been through a lot. I hope you're feeling better now. I have some of the same neurological symptoms. I've attributed it to aging and dementia but the years I spent psychotic might have a lot to do with it too. Anyway, I don't think I can write anymore. I should try though. Certain things used to come easily to me, but now I can barely do them at all. Did they change your meds? I really hope you are feeling better, but I understand if you're not."
175985089,I don't like billions I'll come back to it later to give it a try
175985090,Oh no! What’s going on?
175985091,Hi. HT
175985092,Going to sauté some mushrooms and onions later
175985093,happy bday _NAME_!
175985094,please try the buspar. yes indeed anxiety leads to anger issues. buspar is a VERY mild drug. its so mild it dosnt work for some people. i am fortunate it works for me. could be after many years your prozac has stopped working? this is common with ssri drugs. i was on zoloft for 6 years and it stopped working . this is another thing to discuss with your dr.
175985095,"That's awesome Desoxyn, hope you get it"
175985096,I want to thank everyone for supporting me today. Feeling better. I decided no secret agents are after me. Was maybe a little bitty bit psychotic. Also now thinking maybe God didn't damn me to hell. Maybe I was just psychotic again. Hugs.
175985097,Why not?
175985098,Yea I am. And my doctor warned me because the starting dose for geodon is 40mg and I'm on 20mg. I am gonna call them tomorrow. Thank you for replying to me!!!
175985099,"We are pie people, especially a nice apple pie that can be reheated and served a la mode....."
175985100,Just got on discord haha.
174381681,"Lol the batteries in my scale died awhile ago ... I think that’s for the best, I’m not overweight but it’s odd how my brain can obsess about numbers in general (seriously I think that’s a part of my schizophrenia) so I don’t think it’s wise to fixate on my weight."
175985101,I love those M&M candy bars
175985102,Slight benzo withdrawal so I can't sleep. Drinking alcohol to sleep.
175985103,"And AC, right?!"
175985104,I'd build a tree house and get some night visions binoculars. Then I'd start to build a network of swings and rope bridges between the trees and more and more tree houses. Me and my men would become tree people.
175985105,"Hey _PERSON_! First of all welcome! It is amazing that you want to help your sister and better understand what she is going through. As someone that struggles with mental illness, I appreciate you and commend you. So thank you! I have been diagnosed with Bipolar disorder along with other mental health disorders kind of stemming from it. I will say that there are different types of bipolar and it can be expressed in different ways for different people. It is hard to give specifics about how to help her. I know for me that one of the things that I really struggle with is angry outbursts that have no warning. One thing that helps me is knowing that I still have people in my corner even when they unfortunately are on the receiving end of it. If you have any questions, I am an open book. Feel free to ask me anything you want. I also wanted to ask how you are doing with all of this? Sometimes the person with the disorder can take up a lot of time and attention, even thought they don't mean to. It can be 
so hard for the people around us. Everyone in that persons close circle is affected by mental illness. You don't have to be the one with the diagnosis to have certain feelings about it. Reply or message. I am on here most nights."
175985106,I really want to make a mug brownie but shouldn't
175985107,Eggnog Milk Bananas Chocolate peanut butter cup ice cream Peanut butter
175985108,I took my Rx & supplements.
175985109,I haven’t done udemy but lots of these courses don’t have professors per se just experts.....
175985110,Do you take metformin? I usually get diarrhea out the *** with that.
175985111,Have you read the Bell Jar?
175985112,It’s the view from work more or less....it’s quite beautiful the field of dandelions and the _USER_ID_. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175985113,I feel aloooneeee The world is getting to me. I'm still arguing with the people on the video chat in my head
175985114,"3am- Woke up way to early! Then... 4am- Did my morning routine. Meds. Eat/coffee. Check emails etc. 5am - went back to sleep 11:am - woke up 12am - tidy’d up/my dad came over 2pm - my dad left/groceries came, and put the groceries up. 3pm - cleaned out the fridge and freezer 3:30 - resting 4 or 4:30pm - work out 5 or 6pm make dinner 7pm - write/play video games/relax 11pm - bedtime This is all impromptu but yea haha I did all of it so far to the time now"
175985115,Slept 19 hours
175985116,"Well, it is good that she called you and you two went to the hotel. You said, ""The whole day, she has had weird twitching all over...fingers, hands, body will twitch and sometimes contort.. ""Then in bed, her teeth will start to chatter...and she will spit at all 4 corners of the bed...and she keeps staring into blank space... ""Then, she will go into a laughing or giggling fit for like...an hour or so....then after that, starts crying very sorrowfully... sad"" You said, ""asked whether I could go with her to take the meds...surprise surprise...she was ok with it...so went with her to take...then went back home..."" and ""At night at home, I personally supervised her consumption of the meds...2 tablets of Valproate + 1 tablet of Risperidone..."" Net said Valproate was a stabilizer and that Risperidone was an antipsychotic that also treats bipolar. You said, ""I do hope the medicine's effectiveness will kick in after a week or two..."" Where does she go in between your seeing her? How does she pay 
for all of that? Is her therapist also a psychiatrist? She sounds like she needs to be in a hospital. It sounds like this is going to be more than you can handle. Has she ever been in a hospital? Did it help? Would she agree to go in?"
175985117,"That's part of the reason I sit on the front porch so long. Being in my room makes me more depressed sometimes. Other times, I don't want to leave my room."
175985118,They did something weird to taxes this year so not as much was withheld......
175985119,I hope he gets better.
175985120,I'm sorry. Sending positive energy your way.
175985121,"You are a good aritst, Blue!!!"
175985122,For anyone interested in a support group. I will be going live at 5pm eastern time (in 45 minutes) Here is the Id: Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv
175985123,"Hi There, I used to have a couple of cats, one disappeared on me (well, snatched but I do not have a proof) and the other put down by my roommate then while I was out of town, ""got a heart attack"" as a result of old age (11 years old). Yes, it is ""only"" a cat but once it becomes part of your life it is no longer just a cat. You claimed to be suffering from PTSD, investing emotion in something is not a good idea. I am not saying do not get a pet, I am saying do not adopt one. Instead, be a foster home for pets. Cats are easier to care for if you do not have a problem with cleaning a litter box. There are several shelters struggling to find foster homes for pets getting ready for adoption. You will be engaging yourself with people, yet you are in control of how much you can offer of yourself to them: a foster home for their in transition animals."
175985124,"Those chocolate marshmallow eggs are amazing, wish I could get some lol. I've totally effed up my diet the past few days, eating more candy than anyone could possibly imagine. I have to control myself but it's too hard. But I want to lose weight. Something wonderful has happened here after lunch. A cart stocked with pop and good snacks and candy bars gets pushed down the hall and you can take anything and as much as you want because you pay for it all. This is heavenly. I hope they keep this up! Today they confined us all to our rooms again. I guess someone has the flu, I don't know. My disposable stick ran out of eliquid today. I have just one left. I hope everyone is in good spirits and safe."
175985125,"No. I actually dont even have it yet. There was an issue between usps and amazon, with shipping. So I'm kinda pissed."
175985126,"Yeah, just got out"
175985127,"Dear _NAME_... what makes you think your mother would not believe you...? And I am not saying that in a judge mental or mean way.... I read your post and all the supportive answers here, and I fully agree. You need to open up and tell your story. The way you felt it, w all the shame and guilt. That is a normal reaction but you will find out w talk therapy that you don’t need to feel this way. It requires work.... I am a mother and would listen to my daughter if she was in pain and I would believe my daughter if she told me what happened to her. I love her. What makes you believe your mother would not...? It pains me. But if you really think deep down she won’t, please find someone where you feel you can open up. It is important for your healing process. Because you will heal ... eventually... but only if you allow it. Come back here any time and unload. One of my close girlfriends in Europe was raped by her grandfather :( she opened up to me decades after it happened and years of therapy.. to t
his day she goes in and out but has gotten so much better w her depression... imagine her own grandfather... and all siblings had to endure the same... it almost killed me when she told me in agony.. I knew him and I know the family. But she made it thru... she reached out for help. Don’t let this bottle up and kill you from the inside.... you will gain strength talking about it. Much love from the US XO, _PERSON_"
175985128,Gonna have two bowls of cereal take benzo and 50mg quetiapine maybe ill fall asleep without heart being weird
175985129,"""throwing food around a restaurant when no one's looking and wiping liquid soap on public toilet mirrors etc."" How it showing off when she does when no one' s looking. Lots of people are good with confrontation but then get passive aggressive at other times too. Like for example, you do. You talk around people while using their words and all sorts of things. You're still fine with overt agression too. She's passive aggressive and tantruming - and then making light of it I guess"
175985130,"Yes I did except for the Fish Oil, and my evening/night meds. Must take fish oil today!"
175985131,MMM love me some of that!
175985132,"Went out to breakfast in the morning, was nice. But there was this guy like twice my age hitting on me so it was kind of awkward"
175985133,"Too T-Shirts about sloths. One was a sloth laying inside a heart and the other one says something like, Yeah, I got up today! and has a picture of a sloth on it. I think sloths are so cute."
175985134,"Yeah, it's like you have to get a new phone every 3 or 4 years otherwise the software doesn't work any longer. Planned obsolescence. I got a Samsung Galaxy S10 some months ago and they already have a newer phone out. Hate that!"
175985135,"Here’s the thing....even with mild corona it’s like the flu which is pretty severe, you’ll find yourself glued to your bed not thinking about sweets or picking up your car, I’m pretty sure you don’t have it."
175985136,"It's like I'm not depressed anymore but now it's worse than that. What does that mean? It's like I have all the other symptoms of depression except I don't feel sad, I feel happy. It's horrible."
175985137,"Good morning, yes it’s tough to restart I’m on day 3 and my anxiety still there and that makes me feel down, although I know it takes time and patience...i had not felt this bad in so many years that I forgot how bad anxiety makes you feel. It takes away all of my joy ...I used to wake up refreshed and now I wake up feeling anxious...things gets better during the day...it’s just when I wake up that I feel that bad ..."
175985138,I would have enjoyed watching a play like that. I have a soft spot for forbidden love and eugenics.
175985139,Aw thanks guys!!! Means so much to me
175985140,"I'm doing ok this morning. Just kind of depressed. I mean I feel like the meds are wrong. Maybe they are right. I still don't know whether to do the Intensive Outpatient Program that my past therapist recommended because my parents will likely have a fit over it. If only I could get my pdoc to agree to it. I wish psychiatrists could be contacted on demand more. Whatever... I suppose I'll just have to wait to see a pdoc. I'm still up in the air about whether to see my old pdoc versus a new one. I have appointments next week with both a new psychiatrist and my old pdoc (this is the one who didn't fire me of course). I still don't know whether to find a new therapist or just to see the one I had seen before (once again, not the one I fired). So many decisions!"
174381724,I guess so...I feel new meds will make the problem worse. I’m already messed up enough as it is. I’m drowning out the voices with music. I feel like I am watched at every turn and some stuff happened here that makes me think the nurses are malicious and evil as to what they did to another patient. Maybe I get too involved with other people. They say socializing is good. They prolly mean it on their terms. Idk. It’s all ****_NAME_ up. I feel I have good insight on the situation. And not sick.
175985141,"Please America STOP Treating Mentally Ill People like criminals and stop trying to find ways to ignore the need they are having HELP! WHY is everyone saying the right things and yet not doing the right things and when the parents try, we are ignored."
175985142,"Already made next grocery trips list, sorry I’m so excited about food ? Also, forgot to add baileys coffee creamer and some cheesecake Attached Images 45E35A62-DD61-4704-93FC-F_PHONE_NO_.png (376.7 KB, 12 views)"
175985143,"Hi, Blue_Bird! You must have been really tired. So your body probably forced you to sleep more. I'm sure they will understand when you tell them what happened. I hope you can get your next appointment the way you want it."
175985144,"Keep working on the meditation, you will get it. I do it to fall asleep at night usually. It works. I hope you are feeling better. It has been a few days since you last postsed. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175985145,Feeling better..
175985146,My teenager has major PTSD and she is having a hard time connecting with me. She thinks I don't care what she is going through. I don't know how to reach her.
175985147,"Awesome.....having human contact is critical even if it’s just one person, that’s often enough.."
175985148,I want to get off seroquel cause of the weight I've gained but at the same time it's very helpful for me
175985149,"Hello. I'm sorry to hear about your situation. Making an impartial decision on behalf of your children almost feels impossible, but it can be done. The main thing you want to focus on is: what is best for your children? When you ask yourself this question, consider that the ""best"" thing for them *might* actually be that you do cut him out of their lives. This is a touchy situation, and you have a big decision to make. Make sure you ask yourself: is their father actively contributing to their health and well being? Does he spend time with them just because he loves them, or does he always seem to have some agenda? Does he make them keep secrets from you? Does he talk smack about you behind your back to them? That is *directly* harmful to your children, because they love you and they know that you are a part of them. So, it can actually damage their own self image if a parent talks poorly about the other parent to or in front of the children. That being said, if he actively abuses the children, or 
you, the answer is absolutely. Yes. Get those babies away from him. Is he an addict of any type (including alcoholism)? Bar him from seeing them until he can get himself through rehab. He has to be setting an example as their father. Also, having an addiction can lead a person to making harmful decisions. He should not be near them while he is intoxicated. I don't envy your position one little bit. I hope what I have written has helped even a little bit. I wish you well with this endeavor, and good luck."
175985150,"Are you freakin' kidding? She FORGOT? I am so sorry. That is unbelievable. I hope that you can find someone else and convince him to try again...and even if he doesn't, you yourself should still go. It is natural to be concerned as you are about finding another job. This is the kind of anxiety that motivates us into action...and isn't necessarily a bad thing, until it becomes unmanageable. Try your best to use your tools to keep it from becoming too much. Sending encouragement to keep doing the best that you can. Peace, perseverance, progress. (((Hugs))) S.C."
175985151,"I'm looking up crock-pot recipes, there's so much you can do with them, even desserts!"
175985152,Sorry you were triggered would some self care help?
175985153,"""Instead, the team suggests that haloperidol downsizes synapses, the junctions through which neurons communicate. _NAME_ speculates that the change is mediated by the protein BDNF, which is involved in synapse growth and diminishes in response to antipsychotic treatments in mice."" Antipsychotics shrink the brain and then when you don't take them, the brain goes back to normal size. So Inflammation might have something to do with it. _USER_ID_: Which could mean that it's an autoimmune disease.."
175985154,"Decaf has a minute amount of caffeine, not enough to make a difference. It shouldn't make you anxious..."
175985155,Cheesecake and fajitas!
175985156,"yeah, it's supposed to be 100 degrees here today. Fun. ugh. Yeah, I'm going to go to the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach CA for my birthday! My Dad got the tickets. Only it's like three hours away and he got the tickets for 10 AM. So we have to leave at like 7 AM at the latest. Not sure what he was thinking. Oh well. Should be fun. Can't wait actually."
175985157,Oh thanks ok. I’ll check some out. Thank you. I’m bored and probably shouldn’t be doing it tho lol. I already logically know what I deal with but maybe I could take some funny quizzes.
175985158,"Hi all, it's been a long time since I checked in, but I'm sure that everyone here can relate when I say the current event (I dont even like to say it) is sending my anxiety into overdrive. It's gotten so bad that I dont sleep well, I dont eat much, my chest constantly feels tight, the vertigo is back, my head aches and I just generally feel unwell. Most days I spend all day in my room. Although we are on lockdown my husband's job still requires him to go out and I'm going crazy. I try to stay strong and keep cool for my children but every day I cry to myself. I'm just so worried and depressed."
175985159,English breakfast tea
175985160,I talk to my pdoc next week! I miss him. I hope I can tell him all the stuff I'm supposed to. like T was saying I am having a delusion. Though I disagreed with her!
175985161,Our stove doesn’t work
175985162,"took a nap, really needed it, didn't get much sleep last night"
175985163,"Hi, sequoya 49, You are definitely NOT alone in this. I have multiple mental illnesses. Some days, I feel like I'm a diagnosis instead of a person. On February 4, 2019, I woke up that morning, nothing seemed to be different than any other day. Later I was at my brother's house doing my laundry and my sister was also there. I asked her to walk to the bathroom with me and wait for me outside the door because something didn't feel right. Just as I came out of the bathroom my sister caught me, she had a major stroke about a yr. before, trying to hold me up with 1 hand as I had my first seizure. My niece was also there, &, she bear hugged me to the couch. I remembered none of it. Then the 2nd seizure came. Earlier this year, I was diagnosed with P.N.E.S., or, Psychogenic Non Epileptic Seizures. I'm told that they are stress induced and also from P.T.S.D.. I also lost my driver's license on a Medical Recall by the State I live in, same with bath tubs, and, many things others take for granted. Mine are so
mewhat different. I also have times of ""Transient"" Blindness. I lose sight in both eyes at the same time with no warning. I'm thankful it's been awhile since that's happened. I find journaling helps, also, relaxation techniques, & guided imagery. I found some good ones of the last two on You Tube. I apologize this is so long. I hope it helps You some. It does make you feel alone and for me, I started avoiding going anywhere that wasn't absolutely necessary. Mine have slowed down some. Depending on the amount of stress I'm under. There was a time when I was having 13 to 17 a day. The worst day I had 21 seizures, and, ended up in the E.R. , where they really didn't know what to do with me. Just don't give up hope. You are NOT alone in this. I'm 53. God _PERSON_ Keep You Safe in His _PERSON_ Forever. Best of luck. P.S. It's been a week &1/2 now with out a seizure. Stress level is way too high, but, I'm learning, SLOWLY, to try to calm down before the seizures start."
175985164,Limit coffee! lol
175985165,I’m getting this next month. It’s a metallic watercolor palette. Will look pretty on a black watercolor paper. Can’t believe I found my passion at 34 But there shouldn’t be any time limit in life
175985166,Oatmeal w/ a banana and coffee
175985167,"""Mindfulness Meditation and reading the Stoics like _NAME_ Aurelius and Epictetus helped me personally. In a nutshell I learned two main things. First, that if you learn to focus on the present moment you tend to find that unless you're being chased by an axe murderer this second, it's not that bad. Right now you're probably sitting down with an internet connection and in relative physical comfort. What tends to make you feel like **** is thinking about all the past cringey stuff you did or fear of the future. The meditation helped me realize more than intellectually that there will never be anything but the present moment for us to experience. Second, that it really is important to practice gratefulness. And one way to do this is to sort of picture yourself on your deathbed and knowing the end is coming. Think of all the regrets you would have in that moment. The fear of the abyss and your imminent undoing. Then open your eyes and realize that you still have at least another day to do something."
""
175985168,So very sorry cogladaid HUGS
175985169,"I have a sister who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I try to stay positive for her, but her moods are unpredictable at times. How do I deal with her mood swings?"
175985170,"Wow, I didn' tknow all this. In California they just like 3 weeks ago opened it up for everyone 18 and up. Maybe two weeks ago. I was able to get it a little earlier because of preexisting conditions."
175985171,No I took one in the evening instead of splitting it in half because I slept in yesterday.. I had to take another one to sleep cuz I couldn't sleep so I took an extra half of a zopiclone. Then I slept in again. So the way to fix this is to wake up at the same time every morning and not sleep in no matter what.. I'm getting better at this. It's a complicated math puzzle but I'm getting better..
175985172,Yes well my therapist thinks I might be depressed and believes I should talk to the dr. But then also knows I’m near that time of the month and can be pms ...I just really hope I can overcome this soon. It’s so frustrating
175985173,"Lets see, for lunch I have a peanut butter and honey sandwich, an apple, some Fritos and a piece of pudding cake."
175985174,_NAME_ -I recommend both but power to sleep has more things in it that may interfere with physc meds. my formula is safe if taking prescription meds. of the 2 power to sleep works better.
175985175,"I have recently had problems switching meds.I believe we have to live out best lives. Your doctor probably knows best. You tend to build up a tolerance to benzos, so it's not uncommon to have them bumped up. The increase in Xanax is not going to make you feel worse or give you anxiety. _PERSON_ are noted for unwanted side effects when making changes or starting one. Is that what caused you problems before. Let us know what you decide. We care."
175985176,"Thanks everyone! I have the return of the unsettling and often vivid nightmares and dreams. Countering them by listening to some peaceful sounds before going to sleep, sometimes works. I continue to have a lot of very stressful situations evolving in my life so I’m sure that adds to it. Also, the Psychiatrist I was going to left recently so I’ll be starting over with some one new soon. not really something I look forward to because I don’t really want to have to go back over the low moments in the last year or so. therapist is the same thankfully, though I found the psych to be easier to talk to since he related better to my circumstances and usually had more helpful advice from his own experiences. I’m confident the new one will be okay too, just a temporary bump in the process."
175985177,I bought two pictures in gold frames. One says LOVE with flowers behind it. The other one says Be Happy with flowers behind it. They were on sale for $24 for the set. Also bought Nerf bandaids and My Little Pony bandaids for my nieces and nephews. I always look for that sort of stuff and then put it away for Christmas stocking stuffers.
175985178,Popped the med this morning.
175985179,I don’t even know the difference between crochet and knitting someone told me once but memory issues.....
175985180,A dozen eggs Pop tarts Half gallon of milk a box of _USER_ID_ cereal 2 egg rolls
175985181,"Hang in there, _PERSON_. It will turn around."
175985182,Trust me when I say you fully feel the tactile hallucinations.....they can cause any touch sensation including pain. The reason I brought it up is you had smell hallucinations last week...usually you can get all sorts of weird hallucinations if you get the smell. Other people might only get auditory.
175985183,"Just tell the #####& that Christ _PERSON_ died for the sins they have committed. Improving existing designs? Yes. Do it manually. I have the specs for what a marine is, and I can tell it is not intense enough for you. _PERSON_ is."
175985184,I wonder if theres something similar to it? I was on haldol and quit it to go on geodon and I'm not sure if its holding its weight to the haldol. I seem slightly sick still. Well more than slightly but it's not horrible.
175985185,"I ended up making white chocolate chunk blondies, they were delicious"
175985186,"felt a rush of anxiety, went away after a walk. weird"
175985187,"Thankfully FIL’s laptop isn’t PW protected so I just took that. Did I tell you my brand new computer died??? Yeah...it’s at Staples. It is 10 million degrees in here. I am dying a slow, painful, sweaty death. Ugh. _PERSON_’s “babysitting” my daughter for a while . My aunt and uncle are working and my daughter offered to hang out w/her. So much to do today. I’m tired just thinking about it. Hope everyone has a good day!"
175985188,I wonder what your nickname is amongst enemies.
175985189,Not yet but will shortly
175985190,It's good to feel bad when you fail
175985191,"Oh she doesn’t mind, trust me, she’s not a cat person at all. She’s actually not really fond of the cat at all. She’s waiting till her husband gets out of the hospital in November to do it because she works all day and doesn’t have time to take her to the appointment right now. Plus appointments are being booked out like 4 weeks in advance because of Covid."
175985192,So sorry about the panic attack _AT_MENTION_ HUGS Kit
175985193,"I gave in to the no caffeine thing and am having a cup of iced matcha, I will try it again and when I do it I won't do it cold turkey"
175985194,That's exactly my situation. I'm in early 20's. I screwed around and slept my teenage life away. I wanted to start investing at 16 years old but put it off. All I got out of it was an apartment that is in equal equity cuz the economy went down. DOING THINGSSSSSS D: _USER_ID_ you need to be type 3 enneagram scale like me..
175985195,"Hi _NAME_ and welcome back... ...although I a sorry to hear that your are having persisting challenges. It is so frustrating when we need relief and want to see progress but it is slow to come! I am glad that you are willing to consider using the helpful tool that medication is. I think that mental health is so stigmatized in our culture...and I don't understand why! If one needs insulin, or an SSRI...what is the difference? One makes up for what the pancreas is unable to do, and one...for what is needed for a balanced brain chemistry. If you ask me, there is NO difference between these two needs. They are both physical and can be corrected by medicine. I do hope that you can at least get a consultation with your doctor in the works, so that you can come up with a plan of action when you are ready. Keep us posted so that we can keep you in support! S.C."
175985196,"Hi _NAME_, The chiropractic visit went well. They agreed I should not get a manipulation until my rib healed. Thanks for checking. Love, Rich"
175985197,"So I'm supposed to fill out some forms for my psych appointment, but they forgot to attach them to the e-mail so I guess I have to wait until Monday..."
175985198,"Keep hanging in there _NAME_. Sleep becomes restful and things continue to become better. Big _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175985199,Waiting for the oven to heat to put in tater tots.....
175985200,"That's so cool, I wish I was good with electronics lol"
175985201,Its really not healthy to seperate yourself from your feelings and emotions...which I do..but Im working on that..You could say Im doing this to myself....Now I feel physically sick alot. I do feel like a piece of crap. I know the only way out is through. I dont know if living on your head is a mental illess in itself but I do do that alot. I feel like I wont be loved and/or I am not loved in a way bc it feels conditional. I dont know how to ask for what I need from my relationship either. Dont get me wrong...hes the best but alot of how I live is very fear based now....Its really hard for me to even suggest what i think is wrong during therapy because my thoughts are here and there. Im always worried about what people are thinking now....
175985202,I think _PERSON_ did the song godzilla better than _PERSON_ YouTube
174381809,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_, I'm so glad you get to stay with us. And I have a feeling you are going to be a beautiful influence for people there!"
175985203,"I also got a bar of 78% dark Lindt chocolate. For antioxidants and mood enhancing properties. Lots of fruit. Oranges, bananas, apples, mangoes. Vegetables. Almond butter. Dirty rice. Chocolate chips for the cookies I’m baking for my sister and a few other things. I got 2 sets of bananas. One I’ll keep out and one I’m going to freeze for smoothies. Tomorrow I’ll be getting a bunch of frozen fruit (berries, mango, pineapple etc), frozen vegetables, French fries, onion rings, grapes, sweet potatoes, and some other stuff."
175985204,"Welcome and fascinating. I relate to some pieces of this a lot and some pieces not at all. I like how you describe having internal models of people that strengthen and cause you to have a shortcut. Also interesting how you're including _PERSON_ stages of development in describing some building blocks of personality disorders. I never thought about the object permanence thing like that. Also, I know _PERSON_ attachment theory was originally pretty heavily connected to _PERSON_ and psychoanalysis, but now, rather than a mother thing, it tends to be seen as whatever primary caregiver the baby selects as its attachment figure because they need a ""base of security"" for healthy early childhood development Some people even manage attach to an object or an organized religion, etc. rather than a human at all < it's the base of security that's needed < Sort of like in _NAME_ research, the monkeys attached to the cloth I'm sure you know _PERSON_ called it a ""base of security"" because having a primary atta
chment to seek out for comfort enables a child to feel safe enough to explore and ""master"" their environments. ^ When anxious or threatened, they seek out the secure base for comfort which regulates them - which then enables them to continue on with their environments (learning, people, things, etc.). These days, non-injured attachments are more seen for their value because that's how children are considered to learn healthy emotional regulation and bonding (starting with co-regulation with a primary caregiver) + the ability to relate with others + feeling safe in the world (or at least get a head start on these things). Some people with attachment injuries want to learn how to form secure attachments; however, if you've learned to meet your attachment needs without others, there's no reason why you have to learn to do otherwise now. I'm definitely not at your level of lack of attachment, but I know I have no desire to heal my attachment injuries unless it happens naturally because it benefits me this way m
ore than healing would. From a quick skim, I'm understanding you to be showing care and concern about not wanting to hurt your girlfriend, but that your needs are already met with much less than what you believe she needs. I'm also reading you to be afraid of emeshment (which is reasonable), but then you're connecting it between saying it will happen if you fully know her / someone, yet you're also saying you can't ever fully know someone (only your experience of them that grows as you learn them). Now I know that I'm delightfully ###$ up, but I always understood relationships to be 2 whole and separate people together. Emeshment isn't fully knowing someone, it's a boundary issue. Maybe different people define emeshment much differently or maybe it's a feeling or a shifting line rather than something black and white and easily defined. Or maybe I'm sleep deprived again, and missed the whole point of what you said; regardless, I won't recommend chloroform this time. Hope it works out for the 2 of you and that 
you'll get better responses soon"
175985205,"Just called my mom to thank her for the _NAME_’s Day package she sent me. She asked me if I had talked to my sister. I had to reiterate yet again, that we don’t talk. We just don’t. Every time I call her, no answer, no call back. She may text me a few words every other week. She says she will call me, but she never does. Idk why I have to explain that to my mom. And I’m doing my own thing now, and yet my mom said just now, well, the way she explained what she said is pretty much saying I don’t have a life and I should be respectful that my sister has so much going on. I said “I have a lot going on, too...? But idc if she’s busy. I’m busy too. It’s ok...?”. So whatever. But then she said my sister may have a “crippled husband” (her words) for the rest of their life. Something about his back issues and he’s a disabled vet due to his back issues. He works out tho too. Which is good."
175985206,"I can't get the exact count on the Norton critical edition because it has essays and stuff at the end, but it ends at about 500 pages. Another copy of the book, the story is 430 pages long. That's not too bad... but then again, it's a tough read. I hope the translation is good though, either way, I needed an annotated edition. I wish these Norton critical editions had hardcover copies..."
175985207,Be sure to check out my Facebook. We can connect there.
175985208,The daffodils are dying today. It's been a much longer time this year. They were beautiful.
175985209,Trigger for SH Possible trigger: today is 5 months that I haven't self harmed!!
174381813,Wow fresh peaches ? peeled...have to admit I always used the canned.....bet this is spectacular!
175985210,Yes I took one tonight
175985211,Starry eyed -- cover by _NAME_ YouTube
175985212,Oh oh oh. Well first of all that was there. But we already know we ain't getting back to due to what the dogs tore up.
175985213,"Thanks. I know with my past history of sexual, mental, and physical abuse I wouldn't imagine doing that to the kids. I don't know where the kids are getting it from. From roommates sister who has the kids or something."
175985214,"Maybe I should just leave things as they are. I'm already off metformin and getting on an alternative med in 2 weeks. That will take time to adjust to and taper up, shouldn't be making too many changes at once. I had too much coffee today. 4 cups on 4 hours of sleep, not good. Now I'm starting to see that sleep is important Well, I feel at peace despite the sleep deprivation. I feel like I just need to relax and let things go. I think too much"
175985215,Are all switches still out of stock? I haven't been paying attention. I just know that Japan and China have pretty much cut ties with us temporarily. They don't want to ship here for obvious reasons. That's why most shipping costs are $25+ for even small items (because DHL and FedEx are pretty much the only ones shipping). It is frustrating because I do buy stuff from japan/China a lot.
175985216,Can we all get back on snap? I miss that.
175985217,i have my therapist i also see every other week. i take lezapro daily and Xanax as needed. which I've needed a lot more lately. but sometimes meds cant fix everything
175985218,"I think the more sleep you get, the less weight you are. Cuz I sleep 12 hours a day and average weight. I used to sleep 18 hours a day and was skinny. It seems like if you eat anything you want within an 8 hour window in 24 hours, it makes us healthy. But you have the advantage to get things done while I'm sleeping. Us enneagram type 3's."
175985219,"I love taking potatoes and cubing them and seasoning them with _NAME_ oil, seasoning salt, garlic powder, onion powder, and basil or _NAME_. Maybe add some paprika. Sooo good."
175985220,Omg the new showerhead is great. I just took the most relaxing shower ever Now I have a fresh pot of decaf coffee brewing
175985221,"Hello healing well family, After some time off I am back, i am truly thankful to have found this page years ago. Last time I was on here was last year around sep, I had restarted lexapro and weaned off in March which was probably not the best idea as that is when Covid got pretty serious. I am now going to restart lexapro, the whole covid, working from home and having my kids full time and marital issues has def gave me anxiety and low moods. Although I have been on lexapro several times throughout the years I have always used brand name. This time I will use generic as brand is so pricy! I don’t know why but I am so scared to try generic. I just hope it works the same for me as the brand name. Trying to ignore the negative feelings and remain positive."
175985222,"I'm part of the sleeping-all-day contingent unfortunately. I wish I could go home. We've been confined in lockdown for at least 4 months or longer again. I've barely Vaped in the past 12 months. I'm so sick of this. We got the vaccine about 3 months ago, can't we please just get to some walking in this place? I feel like screaming."
175985223,Thank you so much S.C. I’m willing to give it a try and pray that it works for me once again as it has done each time in the past. I just get soo nervous when I have to start lexapro each time because sometimes it would increase my anxiety. But three years ago when I last used lexapro I did not get that increased anxiety which I was so thankful for. I mostly a little foggy. I don’t know if it’s because I’m older now so my body can tolerate it better. When I had first used lexapro I was about 20 years old so maybe my body was just more sensitive to the med. At this point I def need the help of the medicine to get through this tough time in my life. The mornings are my biggest enemy as that is when I feel the anxiety and all emotions the most. I know I’ll be out of this and I’ll be okay. Post Edited (roxy8820) : 9/17/2019 10:23:13 AM (GMT-6)
174381838,"Here's a link to _PERSON_ article on Schizophrenia, from PC's archives, just in case it's not in the thread you found: Schizophrenia Guide: Symptoms, Treatment & More | Psych Central"
175985224,Is your brother a positive influence?
175985225,Yes I did!
175985226,"Having a hard time today realizing I should go back to a previous therapist. I don't know what my mind is trying to tell me. I want to return to Argentina as well, but things are prohibiting me from doing that. I am feeling like I am worse off now than I was earlier this year. This whole year has been spiritually, mentally, and physically draining. I don't know what to do. I wish I could have someone just tell me what to do."
175985227,yes I did
175985228,"Oh, and I put on clean clothes! Win!"
175985229,"i did similar stuff , have u consulted your doctor before doing such thing s? and whats the reason why you want to stop it cold turkey?"
175985230,Sorry this is happening
174381855,"My sleep seems to be back to normal thankfully. I've been doing a lot of art stuff, coloring books and drawing. I'm re-reading the _NAME_ series yet again lol perfect for the autumn. I want to get ingredients to make some butterbeer, there's several recipes I've found online for hot versions and cold versions. My case manager is signing me up with a vocational rehabilitation program to help get myself a part time job since I really want one and feel ready for it."
175985231,"You know, I have a similar problem. I always ask my man if he is mad, and all he's doing is being quiet. Just don't forget to try live in the moment also. He wouldn't ask you to move in if he didn't like you right? And it's only been about a year, marriage can be far off. I understand where you are coming from, because I asked the same thing! Unfortunately not everyone is thinking that far. The most important advice I've been given by my parents is that a relationship is a trial marriage, let the trial happen before you try jumping in to it. It would have saved me a lot of heartache!"
175985232,"Welcome to the forums, d3xx! Nice to have you!"
175985233,Probably so but nothing diagnosed
175985234,"I have been hearing quite a bit how racial tensions are increasing since the pandemic, and the APA is concerned about how this affects mental health for society in general. Because of my disability I have been socially isolated now for a long time anyway so the pandemic hasn't made much difference, but I would like to know from other members, how does the pandemic affect programs and treatments for people with mental illnesses? And what can we do to improve these in light of the pandemic? All responses are welcome, thanks."
175985235,I believe it is important to respect ethnic groups. Highly important! I’m so glad I learned that little history lesson though.
175985236,"I'm actually doing a lot better today...sometimes I'm good at managing my thoughts other times they become too intense for me to control...while much of depression is linked to one's genetics and one's past I believe it also has a lot to do with our thinking patterns. Our brains have become wired to think in certain ways and if we want to overcome depression we have to be aware of the ways in which our thoughts distort reality and make it worse. There's something called cognitive distortions...people who are depressed engage in them and since we've been thinking this way for so long we think this way automatically without bothering to challenge our thoughts. I've realized that I ""catastrophize"" things (e.g. thinking that the worst thing that can possibly happen will happen). What I've been doing for some time now is think about what I'm depressed about and challenging my cognitive distortions with evidence to the contrary (such as the worst case scenario has almost never happened to me and I will 
be fine). It took some time but I eventually got pretty good at recognizing and challenging these thoughts. Sometimes they still overpower me but I'm usually able to come back to the reality that this worst case scenario thing will not happen and that everything will be okay. Also I've got to accept the fact that sometimes these thoughts will overpower and remind myself that their intensity will pass...I'm not happy right now but at least I don't wish I was dead. Go to the link below if you want to learn more about cognitive distortions you may have. The first step to overcoming them is realizing which type they are so you can recognize them when they occur...it takes awhile but eventually your brain will become rewired. Good luck. Anyone can message me if they want to communicate. https://psychcentral.com/lib/15-common-cognitive-distortions/"
175985237,"I deal with intrusive thoughts and racing thoughts a lot. Delusions, if I still have them, I am not as aware of them anymore. What helps me is mindfulness/meditation with those sorts of things. I know it probably sounds hard to sit down and meditate when you're having such thoughts, but building up my meditation/mindfulness practice has really helped me accept the thoughts I have and let go of them (to the degree I can). I used to think the meds controlled everything, but they don't. I feel like grounding exercises would help, too. Like splashing cold water on your face (holding your breath, maybe). This is a suggestion I got from a DBT group. Also there's a technique just to identify like 5 things you see, really take them in, and also 4 things you can feel, 3 things you can hear, 2 things you can smell, and 1 thing you can taste (it helps to have gum or mints on hand). These are some of the things I've tried in the past and they seem to help me cope. Hope that's somewhat helpful."
174381847,"Had a cold shower this morning. If you find negative symptoms are making it hard to shower, try warm showers then turn it to cold. Research the benefits of cold showers. It's motivating."
175985238,"Didn't want to get up this morning. Took the Vyvanse at 8am and got out of bed at 8:20am, made coffee and got to work for 9am. Then I finished at 1pm and got my Invega injection. Hopefully the injection doesn't cause panic attacks. I didn't feel like telling my doctor that I have a habit of taking a 0.5mg alprazolam every evening.. Idk - I'm doing pretty well considering the odd things that hold me back.. I feel.. Honestly.. Just scared of having more panic attacks.. That's all.. If I didn't get panic attacks, I'd be the happiest person everrrr.. But also the ability to visualize what I want to do.. And not care about being successful etc.. Living with a soul sucking job instead of researching psychoactive/cancer molecules..."
175985239,As much as it hurts...it’s wonderful to feel
175985240,I did some yoga. Was feeling kind of agitated.
175985241,Added you! Thanks! Would be interested to see if you choose to write a story about something!
175985242,"Hello! When I was younger, I had a family friend member provide me with a pamphlet for bi-polar disorder. Almost the entire thing descried me to the tee. This was 12 years ago so I don't exactly remember what it said. What I do remember (and still til this day) is that people would ask me if I was bi-polar. I'd say I think so, but never been diagnosed. For 2+ years I've been seeing a therapist just to talk to. From within the 2nd session, she has been recommending me to see a psychiatrist for medication. I am TERRIFIED. I am very much afraid of change. But I do know that I do not want to live with the way my emotions are, especially days leading up to and during my feminine cycle. She even recently stated ""Now I don't want to you think that just because you have a certain disorder that it defines who you are, because it does not... I truly believe you have bi-polar and should be tested for it"" I am an extremely high or en extremely low person, there is very little inbetween for me. When she told 
me this it hit hard for me. It's like I knew it but it became real when someone professionally suggests it. I've been on the verge for years on debating to take medication. Like I said , I am very much afraid. I would like to utilize this forum to get ideas and feelings from you all. Please and Thank you in advance."
175985243,how do i deal with my stepdad who's negative 24/7
175985244,"Yes, I have some catatonic features too. I can just zone out without TV or music or anything in one position on my bed and time just passes. I'm not sure what the point of everything is, but I believe we are tested/challenged on Earth. And life might feel like it takes forever, but we're here and back in the blink of an eye."
175985245,"In the exact same sitch’ as u! With the med combos and new dosage I have, I’m doing really well. Doesn’t mean that things don’t get me down still, and I still do have some anxiety. But I’m not experiencing much, if any, psychosis anymore. Also, I just signed up for a class in school for fall too! I took 4 classes in fall and it messed me up and I had to drop out and I owe them money too! But they’ve decided to waive the amount owed, for fall, so I could register! Good luck to you bb! You’re doing amazing!"
175985246,A tuna sandwich
175985247,Meditated for a total of 4 1/2 hours this throughout the week
175985248,"Sometimes, it doesn't seem to help lately though, I've tried it a few times this past week. Idk what the problem is. Usually when I don't sleep for this long it heads into mania but it seems to be being prevented for now at least due to my meds so I'm just stuck with the insomnia part. I'm not tired at all. It's frustrating because I know it's bad for my mental health to be this sleep deprived even if I'm not physically tired. I don't really know what to do. I get my weighted blanket this weekend though so maybe that will help."
175985249,"No idea really. People probably wouldn't think too much of a couple hours a day. A few days in a row, it is like a vacation, so does not really matter. Its more a lack of relationships people get all upset over, especially if they are concerned directly. So in those circumstances, it really depends on the people and the relationship itself. If it upsets a pattern especially, otherwise, it is pretty much irrelevant. Take it another way. If there was an actual range, we would not put people in prisons, so really nobody cares about the time itself, just how it affects them and generally a lack of interest in others make them uneasy. I spent 6 month in a place with no alone time, always under surveillance. I had to hide into the furnace to take naps. Its not easy. I got a vacation once, and I slept 48 hours straight which was all the time I had."
175985250,"I have to go to my old place tomorrow and work on packing some more of my stuff and organizing. I'll try to bring some pans back with me so I can cook more things here. My sister is going to bring the bulk of my stuff over (since she has a car) when she gets back from her trip then after this month I'll be completely settled in here. What else.... I need to go to the libraries also, 2 of them. Returning stuff and picking up a couple DVDs and some manga. Then have to stop at Family Dollar. Then some cleaning here in my new place. Those are tomorrow's plans. I'd like to start another drawing too. during the week I'll start practicing with my Ukulele again. I have it here I've just been afraid to use it because I don't want to bother neighbors but I don't think it's too loud now that I think about it. The person next to me plays loud music and on the other side of me is the laundry room so it's probably no big deal"
175985251,Possible trigger: I was impulsive and drank cough syrup earlier. Oops. Just going to laying down and ride it out.
175985252,Just working. Well kind of taking a break right now though.
175985253,"Got 2 and a-half hrs, then just woke up.dunno. maybe later or something. So tired..."
175985254,I have extreme anxiety. Idk where to start but 3 of my 5 diagnoses are anxiety disorders.
175985255,"I'm a little hypomanic. Phenibut is a good antidepressant. I took a 750mg phenibut stuffed capsule with my tolerant 900mg dose. Tomorrow I'll take 850mg and probably be irritable, agitated, dysphoric.. Idk.. Remember, what goes up, always has to god damn go down. So the more I suffer, the better I'll feel in the end. I realize that everything I do, helps me in the end.. But I have a problem with wasting time. ENTJ's don't waste time.. And ESTJ's hate when other people waste time.. I waste time listening to music... I love music.. Comfort sometimes.. Idk.. I took a 0.5mg alprazolam (One benzo) last night but I took nothing yesterday night. I might use olanzepine to sleep tonight then one benzo tomorrow night... Slowly wean myself off these things.."
175985256,singularity grind existence could be like low spec spectrum to high spec spectrum subscriptions adjusting on a symbolic potentially infinite circuit. it could be easier to try and help each subscription of interest adjust so any leverage sz could be more bearable.
175985257,"Thank you for that. It's true. Currently reading books about how to rekindle creativity. Starting to think it's a waste of time. Writers need to read, but not self-help books. OCD, avolition, apathy. Glue traps I refuse to try to avoid. Or excuses? I'm beginning to think they're excuses. _NAME_ never said ""I'm too crazy to paint."" I used to paint. Watercolors, of all things. Maybe one art form will cajole the other into action...or would that be like the mistake of attempting to deal with two addictions at once? I don't think so. About that last part; interesting that you would see that. I hope you're right. I think you're right. What's up for tonight? Resume the thing I started writing last July? Or finish that movie about campers getting mauled by a bear? It's actually pretty good. Third option: sit here and literally stare at my desktop for an hour while my brain is somewhere other than my skull cavity. It never tells me where it's been or brings anything of value back with it. Fuuuuuuuuuk."
175985258,I'm gonna book an appointment with the employment centre tomorrow and get a part time job. I know that's a step in the right direction. Money will make me feel better. Then I'll be on the internet while not working and find a way to stop working and get off disability - Maybe go to school again and find interest.. I have to chose a thing... But I don't want to chose.. What hell. Maybe I should watch netflix. I don't know. _USER_ID_: Oh I see my therapist tomorrow. I'll talk with her. _USER_ID_: I also wish to cry and can but at the same time don't care
175985259,"I used to think ""I'd love to be a statistic scientist"" which is the same as a data scientist? Idk.. But yeah I just have to work really hard on something and I'm almost done feeling things out.. One messy ADHD cloud I have in my mind. My moms friend and I went for a beer to talk about ""bitcoin"" - I found it hard to explain.. I'm gonna read that book about constructing mathematical universe. I wish I knew about it when I was a kid.. I just did math cuz I was forced to.. Same with religion.. Everything.. I've never been a rebel but a mute/quiet skeptic.. Under the weight of it all.. My ego deaths helped.."
175985260,"My moms old house was turned into a Possible trigger: Prostitution crack ***** house. There was 8 beds, crack and meth pipes, mirror with cocaine on it, children's rooms (Cuz there was 4 kids).. The kids were sleeping next to people tweaked out and taking electronics apart etc, dog **** and piss everywhere. 10's of thousands of dollars in damage. It looks like they were hoarders. There was two bunnies, two cats, a small dog and a pitbull, medication bottles everywhere, liquor, paint.. In all my stimulant years, I've never actually tweaked. I was calm and chill just researching interesting things because I slept too much. Anyways, I feel less suicidal and having good sleep. I feel ok. My mom's extra lump was just scar tissue and her cancer hasn't spread!"
175985261,"Don't worry it will pass. Breathe. It helps me when I lie down on my side with my eyes closed so if anyone asks me what's wrong, I can just say ""I'm having a mind rest""."
175985262,Why do you say no?
175985263,"The thyroid produces pretty important hormones. If you have low thyroid, I do think you should take the med for it."
175985264,"Oceanfisher, Breathe. Do you do breathing exercises? They really help with stress and anxiety. Also mindfulness. open the mind to let good things in. Stay in the moment. Positive thinking. Focus on good things instead of bad. When we focus on the bad, that is all we can see. Even good things are overlooked and downplayed in our minds. Meditation, calms the mind. Focus on breathing and a mantra. Don't overlook your tool box. If you check out the resource page at the top of the main Anxiety and Panic page, there is a lot of helpful information. I think it would help you. Keep hanging in there. If your anxiety gets worse, I would suggest some video chat with your doctor or therapist. Your anxiety seems high, and we all could use some extra help. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175985265,Second Pfizer jag on Thursday
175985266,I'm sorry that you haven't been able to get away from your bf and all the circumstances that keep you in limbo for so long. I wish I could help.
175985267,Believe - YouTube Jelly Roll - Believe Lyrics | MetroLyrics Amazing song
175985268,Moved back to my apartment
175985269,"I'm on zyprexa, 5 mgs for sleep. I don't like the common side effects at all. If i don't like it I'm getting off of them asap."
175985271,Wondered the same thing.
175985272,"My insurance won't cover Fanapt according to my doctor, but he can provide me samples every month if it works."
175985273,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175985274,"I'm so excited. October, November and December are the best months!"
175985275,"Hey _PERSON_, how are you?"
175985276,How do u feel?
175985277,I'm ok. All I've been doing is sleeping. I don't remember much.
175985278,I have had these intrusive thoughts lately too...it gets tiring and I do agree when it’s said that we all have then but it’s the response we give what makes the difference. I realized that these thoughts have never really disappear but I wouldn’t pay attention until now...every day is different ...you re not alone
175985279,"I've only played for 3 hours total so far lol it's an awesome game, I'm sure I'll be putting a lot of time into it"
175985280,How goes the latuda? My pharmacist says it is the rolls _NAME_. Me shrink said lexapro was the crack cocaine of anti depressants. Hope it gives ya a little grin. HT
175985281,"I recommend being a vegetarian. I some times slip up and eat meat, I have to think about where im going so not to fall in the trap of being somewhere without vegetarian options. If you want to get really healthy you have to do an all plant based diet. But your a slim dude, but ethically vegan is the best route, I can't do it though. I like cheese and eggs too much, plus my whey protein powder that is dairy. If I go two days without a protein shake I start showing signs of akathasia for some reason im unaware of."
175985282,Thank you!
175985283,I really like watching the old reruns of The Office.
175985284,So far I've taken my morning supplements.
175985285,"Thanks, _PERSON_. Your positive feedback really helps me! Love, Rich"
175985286,"Got up today, took a shower, brushed my teeth, ate a healthy breakfast, got the laundry in the washer, and took the trash out. The rest of the trash (boxes from orders) will have to wait a bit because the dumpsters are full so once the trash gets picked up I can toss those out too."
175985287,"Feeling sad about losing a loved one, especially your own child, is normal. The grieving process takes time."
175985288,"B., Remember the old adage they teach med students in relation to diagnosing a patient. 'When you hear hoofbeats, think horses, not zebras' In other words, assume the most probable/common possibility...not something rare or worst case senario. Swollen lymph nodes can be caused by anything from a passing virus, to a localized infection to even allergies. If you are really concerned and/or have other symptoms you are worried about ...make an appointment with your doctor. If you've had a recent checkup with favorable results... ...then do your best to work your coping skills to get your thinking out of the negative/fearful, and back to positive/rational again. We have great self help for health anxiety in our Resources! Peace and progress, S.C."
175985289,"WORST PART IS, I didnt just smell it, I tasted it!!! I think its akin to eating grilled human flesh. It pretty much is, since he burned it off. Ugh I honestly almost threw up on him. Seriously."
175985290,do you have anything for the pain
175985291,I took lexapro for years. It didn't make me feel numb though. I felt better on it.
175985292,"Hi, I was recalling some very odd experiences I had where I saw things happen, very clearly, visual & hearing, but it wasn't real. I don't know why but I've always assumed that hallucinations were kind of dream or misty looking. My experiences seemed 100% real to me. I didn't sense being in a different state of mind or anything. Everything felt normal. Thanks for any help!"
175985293,"It is never a waste of time to express yourself and I'm glad you did. I am so sorry for all the things you have experienced and continue to experience. But I must say I agree with the others of how resilient you are even when it feels like things are crashing down all around you. I pray that your COPD is well-controlled and that you are safe quarantining during this pandemic, however long it lasts. I hope that you have things in your life that bring you joy, however small they may be. I don't know if there's anything that can be done to salvage your relationship with your wife. It makes me think of that old Proverb Better is a dish of vegetables where there is love Than a fattened bull where there is hatred. Do you feel maybe a small gesture can soften her heart to at least be civil and agreeable with you so that you both can benefit from a calm household instead of a hostile one? I know it's not easy, especially if you feel you are the one that has been wronged and abandoned. But that's why I said 
a small gesture as baby steps are what's in order right now, not a full sprint. I'm not talking anything fancy. A cut flower, a cup of coffee made for her, a new book if she likes to read just more as a token of goodwill than anything else. Sometimes couples have to find their way back to each other and if they choose to do so, it would start with friendship again before anything else. But of course, that's just something to think about. I hope that things get better for you mentally, physically, health-wise, emotionally, etc. And again, never feel you are wasting anyone's time. Vent as much as you like."
175985294,Woo-hoo!!! Congratulations!!!
175985295,"I'm having what _PERSON_ described the Russian Word ""Tocka"" Anguish, longing, yearning, dull ache of the soul."
175985296,"update on my withdrawal process (day 9 after going cold turkey): new symptom today! ... lovely diarrhoea still feeling ok though, a bit dizzy, spaced out, but ok"
175985297,"NevP Thank you. Your words of encouragement mean a lot to me. I feel better today, after finally getting some sleep. Don’t be scared. You are not going to get worse. You are being very proactive about your illness and know a lot about how to treat yourself. I hope when you read this today, that you also are feeling better too :)"
175985298,"As far as I know, the weather for the next few days here in Maine should be good enough that I will be able to do volunteer work at the library tomorrow and at the farm on Friday. I couldn't volunteer at the library or at the food pantry yesterday due to snowy weather."
174381932,"I am so sorry, Asparagae. If you have bp 1 of schizoaffective or schizophrenia, noone takes us seriously. I have also received appalling legal advice, for the very same reason. Noone will listen seriously to anything we say."
174381933,"I am feeling a lot of gratitude for this way of staying connected, & for something within myself that seems to give me direction, like a spiritual compass."
175985299,I took my med about 11:30 am
175985300,"I believe something bad is going to happen. I possess powers. I'm imagining my existence. Someone is controlling my actions and thoughts and spying on me. I'm in a simulation. If I think too much about what happens, it happens. They want me to have cancer if I make a bargain with them. But it's all meaningless. It just gets to me I guess."
175985301,"Sorry - not supposed to say yo... but if you get busy when u r tired.. seems hard. My therapist says GO with the sleep feelings unless they last for months.. you know? Love katievan8 or big, self hater woman....me!"
175985302,I feel numb when I’m depressed sometimes
175985303,Having a weird night. Had to take a klonopin
175985304,"Possible trigger: Then I'd hear him having sex with my mom. I heard him on the phone on loudspeaker when me and my mom were coming home he said ""Do I take the pill now?"" And she says ""Yes you're supposed to take your blood pressure pills twice a day"" I swear no wonder I'm aromantic asexual. It all disturbs me. Not to mention the images in a certain folder I saw on the computer of them that I quickly exited out of but I cant take out my eyes and put them in the battery acid. But at least now I can see why he has such a big ego."
175985305,"I'm sorry that some of you are having such a bad time. I don't like to tell people what to do: But THC = Psychosis. Dextromethorphan = Dissociative psychosis. Dissociation is mostly caused by trauma.. I could talk about trauma.. Antipsychotics seem to be good.. But I continue trying to pretend that I don't have schiz, dab in weed, mush.. I'm a hypocrite. I am sure that my illness causes psychosis.. and everywhere I go, I can't escape from it. The tentacles of psychosis reach into every part of my existence. Maybe there is no afterlife. I hope there isn't but when I'm doing good - I'm like ""I can handle this"". I've been to hell. I've been to heaven. People say ""I can deal with anything"" until they are being tortured. It's like not praying until you have something to pray for. I try my best to keep my mind healthy.. I don't want to lose my cognition. But I go into genuine mild manic states about all of the possibilities and interesting things that I can do to make the world better. Other times, a
pathy. Mostly apathy.. I'm not strong enough to hold the world above my head."
175985306,Possible trigger: I slipped up with my recovery and purged today
175985307,_PERSON_ a _PERSON_
175985308,Where the heck is everyone
175985309,Thanks everyone!!!
175985310,Generally people pass it one before becoming ill or they are just carriers of the genes without manifesting the illness...ie it may take one copy from each parent......
175985311,Starbucks has the best pumpkin bread!!!
175985312,Work on your mental health one step at a time. Don't get overwhelmed ^^ Anxiety can be beaten.. I have a hard time showering as well but I've been brushing my teeth every morning for a few years..
175985313,"I think spirituality is very powerful for mental health. And schizophrenia is like a glitched form of it. It's an ongoing process and new insights are made every day. I remember staying up all night last summer 2020, coming up with amazing realizations - But I also had ~30 severe dissociative panic attacks. I remember when I was in rehab, when people were reading out their realizations at the end, ""spirituality"" was always left BLANK. The counsellors didn't even know what to say!? just ""Yeah most people just leave that blank"". I talked with a counsellor in private and we talked about psychedelics for addiction (This was almost 5 years ago) and he admitted that they could help for addiction. One month later, I had my bad trip overdose. But anyways, I thought about learning about day trading, listening to podcasts etc.. But I feel quite unmotivated - So I thought about learning about spirituality. I Googled ""Spirituality blogs"" like meditation, quotes, mindfulness, gratitude, etc... This one is 
a good blog if you're feeling bad; Tiny Buddha: Wisdom Quotes, Letting Go, Letting Happiness In"
175985314,"It's like one thing after another there, isn't it? Sorry _NAME_."
175985315,"I learned how to play twinkle twinkle on my ukulele, so I posted a video of me playing on Facebook. My video quality is terrible, oh well, my computers camera isn't good"
175985316,"Still going through and battling the coach trainers I missed on my initial play through Pokemon Let's Go _USER_ID_. Having a blast with the Sims 3. I play it on my xbox 360, I have the Sims 4 on my laptop but I need to buy a mouse since it's hard to play without one (at least for me it is)"
175985317,"Turkey sandwich with cheese, tomato, and mayo on whole wheat"
175985318,I feel like I'm not functioning well. I wonder if it's because of stopping the NAC.
175985319,Hugs bluebird.....
175985320,"A drawing I am starting. Attached Images drawing.jpg (132.2 KB, 6 views)"
174381960,"Yes, I can see the benefit for cancer patients, etc. But for anyone with psychotic disorder, it's at best unsafe. You've complained that you tried every med available for your sz without luck. And lately, you've actually been sounding well. I would think that's due to the clozaril. But if you're using THC all you're doing is undoing the results of the clozaril."
175985321,"Yes, I took one this morning before work."
175985322,Pad see ew and egg roll and wonton soup....
175985323,Going to the grocery store tomorrow and also a separate trip to Walmart. I usually don't do 2 big things in one day but I really need new clothes. And I want to see if there's any Halloween themed stuff out yet.
175985324,That's how it was with my mom too lol
174381968,"I'm ok I think. I shouldn't have took a drag from that joint. Never again. Psychedelics = Never again. I've learned my lesson. But interest in psychedelics seemed to be apart of my psychosis because it inspired me and helped with negative symptoms.. But I wanted the negative symptoms to be gone.. So I tried anything to get rid of them.. It's not fair.. People say it isn't my fault but I don't care who's fault it is anymore. I can't go insane while my mom has breast cancer. She would be broken if I did. I need to take care of myself. But I want friends and people to talk to.. That's why I talk here.. It's so hard for me to do things.. But this is more coherent than my last post that I deleted. I was just trying to explain what is wrong with me. I'm sick of sleeping so much. I don't think I physically need to sleep 12 hours a night. Before I know it, I have to go to sleep again. And I do. I sleep another 12 hours. Wtf?? I feel so sad and frustrated. I just want everything to be good and go on a holid
ay. My ex step dad dying wouldn't affect me. I don't care if he dies or not but he affected me so much. I think I might have PTSD from that, the hospital admissions, the bad trip, etc..."
175985325,Yeah that's how I was Christmas night.. Hiding under the covers.. My mom asked me what was wrong and I told her. She said it was definitely psychosis so I took an olanzepine and felt better... Tried to watch a comedy (Couldn't understand it until it kicked in). It's weird that I would do such a stereotypical thing but that's just exactly what happens <3
175985326,showered again yesterday afternoon. I stink lately. lol
174381965,The other medication I tried was seroquil. But it's been some time ago. I've gained a ton of weight on Rexulti. It makes me so hungry my stomach hurts. The side effect does wear off. But unfortunately it's only after I have gained the weight. Then I stay at that weight until the dose changes. Luckily I think we are at the highest we can go. Stupid med has messed up my life in some ways. In other ways it has made me more functional.
175985327,I'm gonna go for a hike. The coffee helped with my depression. Stimulants are my love.
175985328,I'm happy to hear that your daddy's onions are so well behaved.
175985329,My doctor said that I'm afraid that I'll end up back in the hospital again but instead that it's all good and I don't need to worry. Got 60x atenolol instead of 30x cuz I like taking an extra one sometimes cuz of heart hypervigilance. Got home and took two shots of JD. Happy 11am
175985330,A beef burrito
175985331,"I've always wondered why people say ""No one cares"" when someone writes something personal about themselves online. I looked it up and I guess they don't even care about themselves. They usually seem happier and people wish they were like them - Being envious about their apathy. Respect must be earned, etc.. I'm just so ****ing tired. I'm exhausted. I don't have the mental capacity to keep analyzing random things."
175985332,On the upside my verbal/reading/word capabilities are “superior” at 129. It makes sense why I’m taking philosophy. Heavy words. Heavy thinking.
175985333,Yes hoping the new year is a step forward for all of us
175985334,"It helps with anxiety (Not as good as benzos), withdrawal causes anxiety (Not as bad as benzos) and tolerance builds fast (Not as fast as benzos). I'm only gonna use it for hiking from now on to be more social."
175985335,Wow It smells like hamburgers outside lol
175985336,"I spent the night with my boyfriend. Mom dropped by in a panic this morning thinking I wasn't okay, because I was late calling her. My apartment is full of food, which I'm happy about. I'm doing a grunge thing with my hair. I can't seem to finish a game of chess with my boyfriend, I get upset that my boyfriend seems to be winning and I give up. I donated money to a dive bar/music venue, because my mom talked to me about it and convinced me it was a good idea. Which now I regret, because I'm sober and I supported a bar, instead of giving that money to keeping people sober and saving their lives. I'm sort of pissed off at my mom about that, but mostly at myself for letting her convince me to give money to a bar when I'm in recovery. She thinks it's fine and sweet and cool and everything and that I did nothing wrong, because they have music."
175985337,^^^Hi everyone. Welcome to the forum.
175985338,"Hey guys!! Happy Saturday. I’m up to about 90% today. Already showered, went out with gram and daughter for breakfast, bought school supplies, did 2 loads of laundry, packed about 60% of my stuff for vacation, and I’ve cleaned 1/2 my disaster of a bedroom. Now I’m taking a break before finishing my room. Blech...then my office. Hope everyone’s having a good day!"
175985339,Good luck...and take shelter if you haven’t already.....they apparently sound like a train.
175985340,"I think about therapy, maybe when the pandemic is done. Meanwhile I'm finding articles on the internet for new ideas to consider."
175985341,Also try the secret of NIMH...it’s old enough you might be able to stream it free but I believe they’ve put it in dvd as well.
175985342,Dinner was chicken nuggets w/ buffalo sauce
175985343,Just found the guy I had a crush on in 3rd grade through 8th. Hes a middle school science teacher and coach now. And super buff.
175985344,"How to train your Dragon : 3 movie DVD collection An external DVD drive for my laptop Matcha green tea powder Ghirardelli premium baking chips, one bag of white chocolate and one of milk chocolate 3 individual Yu-Gi-Oh cards"
175985345,"Interesting thing is tho, peer support isn’t about 12 step or anything. They teach moderation or abstinence with alcohol. But u have to be able to function and it can’t be a problem."
175985346,"Both of you are so incredibly talented, well as talented as anyone could expect from you given your disabilities."
175985347,_PERSON_ all that stuff is still so new so not much long term research out there
175985348,"So.... dating update: The woman I've been talking to, I offered a date and she can't on the weekends because of children. :-/ I can't date on the weekdays so I feel like a terrible person. I messaged a ""physician and after reading her entire profile I deduced she must be a pdoc. I sent her a message anyways. I'm sure we could learn from each other and in my profile I'm asking for someone that is psychologically savvy. I messaged another woman but I wonder if that was wise... My entire psychosis happened at my university and I believe she is a university professor where I graduated. My hometown is a hot oven, and everytime I touch it I get burnt. I'm into education and she is obviously, and she read my profile and saw my pictures and doesn't recognize me. Do I ghost her if she responds? My story is a pretty big whopper that a lot of gossipers know about. I think I should just move on."
175985349,"Everyone knows that laughter is good for everyone, and I get around by practicing it and by that I mean comedy. Can you tell me if the joke I constructed is funny. aswell as what type funny do you use. I said ""I want you as my fan because you blow my mind..."""
175985350,You're gonna have to get a friend to send you vape juice in the mail when it's banned.
175985351,"Sorry to hear that, I hope you recover quickly."
175985352,"Yeah, I've talked to my T about it before but she focused on the wrong aspect. She was glad that I was hospitalized because it Possible trigger: got the SH in check which I totally understand. But doesn't make up for the fact that I wasn't suicidal, someone lied because it was on the paperwork for the mental hospital and someone lied and said I threatened to Possible trigger: cut my wrist which is total BS I did not say anything like that! and the SH was on my upper arm, not anywhere near my wrist but I'm going to talk to my T some more about it. I do feel like it's almost flashbacks. Like if I am laying on my side it reminds me of Possible trigger: getting stitches so much so that I cannot even go to sleep on that side anymore. Stuff like that. My T didn't seem to understand the level of trauma that came from being hospitalized. And by all accounts it's a decent sort of hospital. Shudder. UGH. Sorry guys. Just having a hard time with the date today."
175985353,"I've been complaining about my heart for thousands of years on here. And there's nothing wrong with it. I did like 20 ECG's because I demanded to know if my heart is ok lmao they're like ""It's completely normal"". Damn heart OCD is the worst OCD ever. It's actually pure madness and insanity how deep I go into being afraid of my heart stopping because the Gods want to sacrifice me to them and ties in with psychosis and anxiety. It's really really ****_NAME_ up."
175985354,I've been alright.
175985355,"I have big plans this long weekend to get a bunch of coursework done. And to schedule exams for the beginning of next month. So I’m excited but nervous. Also, I’m excited to talk to my psychologist in two weeks. At first I was nervous of the thought of talking about intrusive thoughts and now I’m looking forward to it. Get it off my chest."
175985356,My voices are due to bipolar psychosis.
175985357,I’m sorry that’s rough. Sending love Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985358,I made a new Roll Call Roll Call 176
175985359,"I still think about my hospital stays even though they were like six years ago. Obviously I'm not trying to scare you; I've mostly learned to accept them as what they were, but they still leave a mark on my brain. I mean, I cannot forget them. It's difficult."
175985360,I threw up two times today. Lost my appetite a bit. Have fever but not high. Had migraine but it’s gone now. Been sneezing and feeling fatigue. I heard my mom and my grandma sneezed today. I pray with all my heart that it’s just the Endometriosis and my mom and grandma are just having common cold.
175985361,"blood draws weren't really a big deal for me. the staff at the lab were very nice and i never waited more than ten minutes. got results back the next day, the clinic faxed the results to the REMS program, and usually i was able to get the med from the pharmacy that night."
175985362,I truly recommend speaking to someone that can help you deviate between the rights words to communicate versus letting anxiety overcome you! Therapy and talking out my problems/brainstorming has truly saved me :)
175985363,A protein bar and some cheese
175985364,"I actualy get a lot of crap from people being in the economic situation I’m in. Sometimes words but mostly looks and questioning. People i do business with, my mom, my family, my sister. Like, it sucks. I wish I didn’t have to say I’m on disability but I have to. I get questioned beforehand like “how did u afford that?” And with random people I have to do business with, once they find out my income is disability they usually say “ahhhh ok”. I hate that. So much. Even with mental health professionals and at the ER I went to. That’s a large part of why I’m so scared of people. The judgements stuff they do. I probably get more crap about being on disability/poor/“welfare” and my mental health than race. But I’m so sure racism is included. I mean technically I am a black person on “welfare”. People just don’t say anything. But u can tell what they are thinking."
175985365,Morning Meds done
175985366,Now I want some Pho. Maybe will stop by the local Vietnamese restaurant on my way home!!
175985367,"Hey, that's great news!!!"
175985368,Had an egg burrito for breakfast and a _NAME_ coke.
175985369,Ice Tea and Coca Cola
175985370,Awesome!!
175985371,"A DVD of the movie The Shack, a loaf of bread, 3 boxes of pop tarts, and a lemon pound cake"
175985372,Please don’t hurt yourself. Do you have something you can distract yourself with?
175985373,"I'm always rocking, constantly fidgeting and shaking my legs, scratching and touching things and have a song stuck in my head often. It's been that way since I was a kid. I'm not sure if I have akathisia though cuz I remember having it when I was taking risperidone to knock me out (Never do this) and once took 8mg and the akathisia was soooo bad.. It felt like literal HELL. I've been in hell for different things many times.. And that was one of the strongest hells. It would be nice to take a Cogentin again and see what it's like. But so far I'm focusing mainly on mindfulness at this point to see if I can overcome my impulsivity, rushing things, addiction, obsessions, compulsions, etc.."
175985374,"Yeas, but have not taken it."
175985375,"I was on Invega Sustenna for many years, at the max dose it helped quite a bit but I developed TD from it so had to get off. Right now Vraylar is helping me immensely but I’m also on Thorazine and a mood stabilizer with it so it may be the combo"
175985376,Awesome!!!
175985377,"Yes, I showered and washed my hair"
175985378,That makes sense Something that helps me when they are being horrible is to play songs that I know all the words to. Usually its 90s alternative rock station on pandora for me. Anyway I can scream out the words to the songs to distract from what they are saying.
175985379,That sounds fun!
175985380,"Got a bit of a second wind. Cleaned the house. Swept, dishes, cleaned counters, picked up water bottles laying around. Now washing the bed sheets and the pets blanket."
175985381,"Yeah it’s not really much compared to other places, but a few weeks ago we went 13 days without a single case. So 72 compared to that is a lot. Just my anxiety getting to me. They had us leave the office in April when it was like 20 cases total in our area."
175985382,I think you did very well and I hope you are able to enjoy your own paintings and like your own paintings as well. I know _PERSON_ is the same way with her photography and I am that way with my writing. Low self esteem/self worth towards our work is the disease of the artist.
175985383,Has anyone heard from ofthevalley recently?
174382034,"They’re so dense and chocolatey omg they’re amazing lol Attached Images 717BE029-3FB5-45B9-B2E5-30294D45FBF4.jpg (188.8 KB, 8 views)"
175985384,"I'm really afraid of going to places like social gatherings where there's a lot of people. Like what am I supposed to do? Walk up to someone and start a conversation? I don't get how people do that or even want to do that. I'm afraid to go to coffee places because I don't know anyone. I have low confidence in myself and low self esteem so I'm not just going to talk to people. I have no stories to tell. I'm not interesting because I can't formulate my words and want to talk about really deep stuff. I'm an introvert. I've isolated myself for so long and just stayed in the basement and the only time I did something was to go fishing with my ex step dad and I hated him. My set and setting is just cold and dark. That's my mind. I can go to large shopping malls but last time that happened, some old man came over to me and started talking to me about God. I have an open mind and I just felt insulted that he would chose ME to talk about a cult with. I have my own mind and I'm not stupid. I wish people woul
d just stop trying to help me when all they want to do is manipulate me. I can't get help from anyone else and only my therapist which she gets money for and is just a regular person that doesn't talk about the deep stuff that is wrong with my mind that I find people can talk about with me when they've smoked weed for 20 years and practically have gone insane. Other than that, I don't mind large crowds of people as long as they aren't judging me for being there alone. I can't go to places alone and I'm the one that wants to travel the world so Idk how I'm going to do that when I'm hiding in a shell. I get delusions of grandeur often and it's the only thing that keeps me going. I'm too general with what I talk about but don't pay attention to detail just the big picture so I don't care what types of muffins or different types of chocolate that someone is going to buy. It seems to make them happy though."
175985385,TW - Could be triggering... Venting... (triggering talks of sexual and other types of abuse) Possible trigger: Lots of thoughts plage my head. If it isn't one thing it's another. I've been abused and bullied most my childhood and teen years. On top of it... mental illness. I don't want to be pitied... I want to be known as strong. I've been sexually abused from around the age of 2 up until I was 7... It was bad... My first memory of it was when I was 3... I remember telling my mom that it hurt but probably didn't know what I was talking about... Then I remember having thoughts of stabbing my moms ex boyfriend when I was like 5 or 6 years old... He beat on my dog. He and my mom would get into fights and at times physical while I hide in my room. I had nightmares of sexually abused when going to bed as a kid when it was happening. I know one thing though... when I first started my period at the age of 12 1/2 I hid my bloody underwear. It triggered something in me from when I was younger... he raped me 
and I'd hide my bloody underwear so when my period started I tried hiding it like I did as a kid... (sorry if it's _PERSON_). This is probably why I see spirits of little kids sometimes who are all bloodied and bruised... They are attracted to me. they tell me to help them but sadly I can't. It's scary.... the visions the voices of spirits. if they're not insulting me they're asking me for help. I try to put my trauma aside but this doesn't help. I'm a little girl in my head asking for mommy when mommy can't save them. I'm helpless and hopeless. I love you mom...
175985386,"Yet again a black family member is laughing at me because she posted a pic of a hot comb and I said what is that. And she laughed. Unfortunately, my hair is not kinky like typical black people. Cuz I am mixed, so I did not have that used on my hair."
175985387,"I don't know, I've never heard of it before. Maybe my friend is upset because of taxes or something. I missed his birthday entirely. Just completely forgot."
175985388,Forgot to take my beta blocker last night and seroquel. But my heart is still beating nicely
175985389,Today I took my prescribed & my supplements.
175985390,"It's all good using the word Crazy... because I refer that to myself all the time. Like when my bff's uncle called me a crazy ***** b****. I told him ""heh thank you ""... then preceded to say he agreed with my ex sex buddy that I look like a man. I said ""lol whatever"". I don't think I've ever fit in with most people. Especially in elementary and middle school and my Freshmen year of high school. I was the odd ball. People kept telling me that I was dirty, that I had lice, and that I was weird in general. Of course this was before my illness hit (even though I did show signs of the illness as young as probably 5 years old). In my sophomore to my senior year of high school I pretty much found the clique that was right for me... the anime, artsy, and theatre geeks. After graduating i was in a rut. I lost contact with most of my school friends and was dating a guy I was with for a year or two at the time. I know what if feels like when people think you're stupid or retarded. Like the way I talk, spe
ll, and my use of grammar. I don't think I'm the smartest person around but I'm defiantly not mentally challenged. I think some people think I'm dumber than what they give me credit for and a lot has to do with my personality, mental illness, and the way I grew up."
175985391,"[QUOTE=_PERSON_;6894591]Uncertainty for the next few days. Homelessness, wondering if we have enough for Food. Money for basic needs. It’s scary[/QUOT _PERSON_, hugs!!!"
175985392,Omg there’s a skunk outside and it’s coming through the a/c ?
174382042,"Saw my therapist today, I expected to get referred to PHP for a clozapine trial but surprisingly he thinks I'm doing okay and handling things well. It's always nice to have an outside opinon."
175985393,"Prescribed yes, supplements no."
175985394,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175985395,"_NAME_ I can relate. I know the same feeling. For 2 years I too have asked why me?! what's happened to me, what did I do to deserve this??! Will I ever get better? Will I get worse? How do I make this horrible feeling go away? Meds were helping, but not as well now as they were, I have inner battles with myself about taking an extra pill on tougher days. When I do have a few.good moments I worry cuz I know it won't last, the circle just goes round and round..."
175985396,"Buspar was the first medication I used for anxiety. It didn't really help me much. We are all different I guess. I later started Xanax. I have been taking that off and on for 30 years. I take it as needed. I am glad that the buspar is helping. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175985397,I know that we should do our part to help society but we can only quarantine so many cats... 0.25mg alprazolam a day now starting this evening. Hopefully I'll sleep tonight with the zopiclone.
175985398,Hey! Was wondering where you’ve been. You need to add her as a friend there first (if you haven’t) and then she can add you back
175985399,I'm going to see a movie with my friend on Friday
175985400,not today
175985401,They could be testing you =[
175985402,Last night I did.
175985403,I found a grey hair! Haha it looks so cute. I’m embracing myself getting old it seems
175985404,I hope my mention of God has not broken any rules. My intention is not to cause dissention to those with differing views. Prayer is a good coping tool for me. While I believe it is of great benefit to me personally it serves another purpose such as journaling to those so inclined for purposes of therapy. I hope this has not offended anyone. God bless you all dmo
175985405,"Going to be playing Pokemon Sword today, gotta beat the champion!"
175985406,"I bought some juice it's really good. Ejuice. Strawberry, banana, and dragonfruit flavor."
175985407,On the verge of having a panic attack and having negative thought spiral
175985408,"was much better today went for walks morning , evening ...was much better overall, this scares me ..why do i get into such fluctuation ,"
175985409,I'm not totally sure but I think I might But I'd have to get all the heavy boxes out of my trunk to access it Idk
175985410,"Yes, I heard an exercise about those thoughts and it helped ...for some reason it made a world of difference. To remember just that ...like a sign along the freeway and not to stop because of it. Thank you all for your support.. for years and years this forum has helped me tremendously"
175985411,"Also, I've always felt a little weird writing in the mornings or in the middle of the day. Like it's not right. Like I'm not supposed to. Maybe it's my minds way of thinking that I should do something more productive. So I want to write at night. But then it's like, that's when I'm tired and just wanna relax."
175985412,I bought a book by _NAME_ - The Way of Zen..
175985413,We got 18 inches of snow
175985414,Haha haha that’s fresh
175985415,Its possible
175985416,Thank you for the information. I had never even thought about looking into a service dog. I will certainly have to look into it. I have been wanting to get a dog anyways.
175985417,Getting a Fitbit charge 3 later this week. My sister already has it she just has to drop it off for me.
175985418,"Watched an episode of ""Connected"" on Netflix. It's really good. I recommend"
175985419,"I’m still waiting for it, but this is what’s going to be on my pizza. I can’t wait. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175985420,"This is my problem.. I make my goals too big. My mom is making food - Smells nice, I'll eat. But she forgot to teach me again! How will I be independent idk..."
175985421,Great news!
175985422,Same.
175985423,OMG my life summarized perfectly!
175985424,showered and shaved
175985425,They're moving me into a room on the lockdown wing. They might kick me out entirely when they see my spent stash. I'm very worried.
175985426,I'm hungry for some stir fry or some chicken pad thai or something like that also. Something PF _PERSON_
175985427,Ugh bad news on my end nothing I can talk about on here. Needs support
175985428,"An update - I actually got my shot a week ago, my second scheduled for the 25th. They said they did get my name from my registering with the state. It went really smoothly. Our state (WV) was proudly the first to provide vaccinations to all nursing and assisted living homes early on. Being a pretty rural state seemed to help. Glad to hear many folks here on this site are getting theirs too!"
174382079,"The weekly blood tests seem annoying, but I'd rather do that than die of a low white blood cell count."
175985429,"That's why I have no patience for technology, frustrated, things dropping on the floor, untangling wires, etc And things don't surprise me THINGS DON'T SURPRISE ME and when I'm surprised, I feel guilty that it happened because I feel like I caused it - And I don't want to react to it because people expect me to react. I don't react when people expect me to react - Such as emotions."
175985430,to try and help with the often shallow squeeze from the clouds i try and be art dependent as a status currency rather than stock dependent. stock dependency fuels sz frustration. it's idealistic to have equal oppertunities but if they're all on a resistence takeover agenda then it could be carnage.speculative subjective subscription depth with apt enough censorship through cloud tarif arts resonance could be apter.
175985431,"That's an interesting way to look at it. I don't consider myself as having relationships with anyone, really, but I know that's not always the expectation on the other end of things. I like to think that I perform a function, and if I do well enough, people will leave me alone and I don't have to feel too bad about it. Your six months wherever sounds like hell to me. I also find that if I spend a lot of time with people I tend to sleep away my alone time, which is why I need more alone time, so that I can have productive alone time as well."
175985432,Im in need of more EDM and Kandi kids
175985433,"Tell me more about this freelance business! I have one too! Also, I get how it is. In fact tho, I don’t live with my father or mother anymore since 2 years ago. My mom is 64 and my dad is 74. My father works in grocery retail. I worry about him everyday."
175985434,"And my dad alone, he’s lost friend after friend every few months too. It’s like always someone new dying. And it’s gotten to the point where I just look on Twitter every morning to see what celebrity died. I do this, every single morning. And my moms like “that’s what old people do” I’m like “ok...”"
175985435,I’ve always thought people are rather silly. I’m fascinated by people’s differences. It all keeps life interesting to me.
175985436,"I remember that, but it's been quite a while now. _PERSON_ hes doing ok."
175985437,"Hi it has been awhile since I have posted. I was doing really well gained weight back (Really under weight), able to swallow pills, didn't have really any anxiety symptoms for 4-5 months, I even started a new job. However since I have started the job 2 months ago my anxiety has gotten worse. I am not sleeping well, gerd, constant worry, the typical anxiety issues. Anyway my point was I just got out of the dentist and she believes I suffer from sleep apnea (grind my teeth, sleep poorly, frequently peeing at night, etc.). I kind of think she may be right but no doctor or specialist has had ever mentioned this. I'm just wondering if it is possible that anxiety can mimic sleep apnea symptoms? Or can sleep apnea cause anxiety? I am freaking out because I'm afraid of dying in my sleep or having a heart attack... Any one else have this issue. I am going to ask my doctor but his office is closed until Monday. I have insurance but have very little money.. What is the cheapest way to get the test done. I am 
29 years old. Thank you all for your help and support."
175985438,That was a great movie! Very interesting. I did a short blog post on it I was so impressed.
175985439,Morning I'm up having coffee. This sleeping during the day (I think due to the geodon) is messing up my sleep schedule a bit.
175985440,"I found that interacting with the disordered really brought out the worse sides of my personality and it was incredibly unhealthy, It’s not how I want to represent myself so I don’t get involved anymore. I’m social distancing even on the Internet"
175985441,Doing okay today. Thinking about mental health a lot lately. It's been a major topic on my mind lately.
175985442,My work evaluation went well. No raise though. No raises for anyone except two people getting promotions. But the General Manager had good things to say so that was awesome. With as much time as I spend on here at work I shouldn't really get an awesome review but oh well!
175985443,Thank you I would really appreciate that
175985444,"I am glad you don't get cavities so you don't have to deal with it. Way to go _NAME_. Have a good day. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
174382101,"I can tell that you're in hell. I am too but we can't give up. I think phenibut withdrawal is putting me on edge which gives me heart palpitations before I go to sleep (But it's less when I take Zyprexa instead of Seroquel for sleep). The littlest of things make me almost freak out and I feel tense from just even sitting in a seat and doing nothing. I suppose that's why Zyprexa can be used for agitation and irritability. It's going to be a tough week while I withdraw from the phenibut but I'm going to take 1g tomorrow for my job resume appointment which isn't enough but it will do - I have to be more conservative in dosing. Having to worry about everything and keep track of things and mental health is torture especially since life is moving so fast and we have to make other people happy - Because people like us better when we are doing well and happy (If we aren't, they treat us like ****). Try to think of a week.. Like how you'll be next week.. Prepare for being just a little bit better by next we
ek by analysing, solving problems and looking ahead to what you should do to get to a more content state of mind next week.. That's what I'm doing.. This week is going to be complete hell... I don't know if I'll sleep fast tonight or just lie there... Thinking in the dark.. I can't take it anymore. I can't take life. It's a constant struggle and now again, it feels like I'm being tortured in my dreams as well as when I'm awake because my dreams are ABOUT my life and being awake, my mood, my thoughts, everything.."
175985445,"I spent an hour listening to guided meditation. The Dexedrine has seemed to have worn off. I took an olanzepine. I still take the olanzepine every evening instead of right before bed because it seems to help me - With my mood. I'm also still afraid of possible depersonalization/derealization if I don't take it. Then as soon as I'm about to sleep, I'm hypomanic. I can be dancing around, vibing, thinking crazy thoughts - And then I take the zopiclone to hypnotize myself to sleep. I'm starting to take only 1/2 of a zopiclone instead of a full one - It worked last night. I don't need to take a full one but I do it sometimes out of habit. I like excitement or being in an impulsive/reckless state of mind - Yet I have a good handle on it now after my bad trip. People think it's because I've matured as I've gotten older but I always had a deep nihilistic view on the world and a funny care free/unaware and confident persona. I don't know how people deal with me. They either hate me or love me. And it's not 
even me. It's really weird. I'd like to make a list of things to strive for like perfection and beneficial states of mind which is why I want to try microdosing - But I'm going to mention it to my psychiatrist first and try to understand what could happen. I want to read and focus on PiHKAL but like everything, I always feel like I'm wasting time. While I was meditating, the guided voices always mentioned in a way, ""Relax and don't overthink"" - But I LIKE overthinking. It's entertaining. I find my thoughts and experiences to be entertaining - Even if they drive me completely nuts. I can scare myself sometimes which isn't good but I haven't been chronically paranoid in years. I would like to be calm. But I'm just always hyper minded. What I'd mostly like is a middle ground between the two - To experience a state of both. Idk.."
175985446,good luck
175985447,"I'm doing random things. But I seem to be finishing things and going to the next. Not just starting and giving up. But I'm having a beer. I really just wanna lay around anyway. Found out the big walmart a few blocks away does grocery pickup and delivery. Very weird, but they have automated pickup. I googled it and it's like you pick up your groceries out of a locker. Like you never have to interact with an employee. You can your barcode at the locker and that's it. I just decided for delivery. But I got free delivery through the free trial of delivery fee-free thing. Anyway, I had decided we are very likely going to start picking up instead of actual being there and shopping. This is the only walmart for 30 miles, and to tell you its crowded is a huge understatement. And that's not during Christmas, so I cant even imagine what christmas is like... Anyway, picking up makes sense more for me. I can control my money better when I see it on a list."
175985448,Yes I think there is but I’m having car issues and my license is not updated nor renewed. Which I guess I need to have my current address for the food pantries.
175985449,"I think both ways are okay. There are adrenaline junkies that have to take risks to feel alive. I, myself, am content with my life. But I think I am a little too content as doing things that are normal to most bring me anxiety. Anything that has to do with leaving the house. It isn't crippling, but I feel I need to get out more so I will get use to it. But for the most part, I am happy and contented. But I do understand people who feel the need to take risks, even if they don't succeed. Good topic Mad world84... I am curious to see what others think... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175985450,What on earth is cranshaw? Am I missing out?
175985451,Idk if it was the guac add on or what but just had the best nachos bell grande ever......
175985452,"Thank you. I don’t even know if I’ll ever get the cat with Covid going on, like what if we shut down again or don’t move on to phase 4. Then I won’t be able to get her ever. Maybe I can tomorrow. I’ll buy some cookies to bake and play the ukulele . That’s a good idea."
175985453,"I felt strange not answering _PERSON_ text so I texted her back and let her know about _NAME_, my cat."
175985454,"Life is weird right now. It's like I want to get a part-time job, but since I live with my parents who are 60+, I feel like I shouldn't do it to protect their health. So I just go on without any part-time job. It's a little difficult to find things to fill my day with. I am going to start my freelance business though soon. Like I am beginning to take some steps towards doing that."
175985455,"Pretty good week for me, all in all."
175985456,That sucks I had a dream me and my ex were together again and it was horrible. She always angry and not appreciative. Good riddance I guess.
175985457,I'm sorry.. I came looking for advice.. not feel that there are threats being made Seriously?? I'm a 10 year military vet.. I live in the home.. do more and I'm more supportive to these kids than their own biological father.. I also STATED.. Its text by the way.. that the drugs were no longer the issue but you seemed to have missed that part and just went on to intimidation and making online threats?? Seriously?? darn ???
175985458,I'm gonna find a good movie or video to watch with my mom Maybe it will take away bad energy Any suggestions pls say
175985459,Theres a new switch game coming out about mental illness. It's called To The Town Of Light. Part of the story is set in a hospital. Seems cool. Comes out on the 6the. May get it.
175985460,"Meringue will be the first once I get them. I watched macaroons tutorial videos but they need food processor, I don’t have one. Also they said macaroons are one of the hardest ones to make, so I’m going to start with easy things first"
175985461,****** situation right now.
175985462,"med marijuana is a viable option . i sometimes try the real thing with friends and when i do i have zero anxiety and sleep like a baby. worth a try, i smoked it up till age 40 and recently tried it again at age 64. laws vari from state to state. 12"
175985463,I might try it too. I'm reading about things that can help the sypmtoms lessen and I may try to get a heating pad. Maybe take a hot shower before bed. Cut back on caffeine. I'll try these things out along with what my doctor recommends. I think I'm going to start drinking decaf coffee and keep the regular aside for a treat once in awhile. I drink lots and lots of coffee and I'm sure it's not helping matters.
175985464,Wait. Do you get the $10 Amazon reward along with the Dynamax crystal? I ordered from Best Buy. I can’t change it now because they shipped my Pokémon shield 2 hours ago. I can still cancel sword though and go through Amazon if I get the $10 reward.
175985465,Hi Sounds like you have already given him a thousand chances. Jail does not change people. I was married to a man who was in prison for five years because of his bad choices. He seemed totally redeemed-but a few years on in the marriage he reverted back to his old ways. He made me out to be the crazy one and it just kept getting worse after this. I sure hope you go on with life while he is in prison-maybe you will meet a nice man-but not if you keep talking to the guy in prison. No one wants competition. You already know deep down that this guy is not going to work out for you. You would not be asking if you felt any hope at all. Just go on with your life without him. Hope this does not make you mad Just talking from years of experience
174382116,"Abilify will help your antidepressant work better. It also helps with mindfulness. Helps you focus on what you need to focus on and stops over thinking. It is also a mood stabilizer. Abilify has a lot of good qualities. Besides helping with bi-polar and anti-psychotic. I am glad that you feel less depressed. That is awesome in itself. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175985466,"Maybe I should limit the alcohol to one drink at time once in awhile instead of a couple. Because I still feel reaally buzzed. I know I normally wouldn't from 2 drinks but it's because of my medication. I didn't realize what a big effect alcohol and medication had on eachother. Like a couple hours after 2 drinks I caught myself slurring a word or two. Like damn, 2 drinks? wtf."
174382133,"Hi, first off so there is no confusion I am transgender. I also have been diagnosed with schizoaffective, depression, anxiety, and ptsd. My symptoms often play off each other. When I'm paranoid my anxiety kicks in. Sometimes my depression and anxiety play off each other to. Other symptoms do the same thing. I was diagnosed at 18 and now 38. I have been to group therapy where I learned ddp to help cope. My issue is I'm trying to cope with multiple symptoms at the same time. Anyone else go through the same thing and how do you cope?"
175985467,Anything Smashing Pumpkins
175985468,Doctors have no real agenda to poison people. No one is poisoning you. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985469,"FM, Interesting about the Acutane. It is good that you made that connection...and yes, certain Rx's including steroids and antibiotics are known to bring on/worsen anxiety. Unfortunately, even after the trigger has passed, the anxiety can stubbornly hang on, so it is great that you are doing all that you are to manage it. Keep up the great work and keep us posted as to your progress! _PERSON_"
175985470,"SA76, I am SO glad to hear of the amazing results that you have had since starting your shots! This must feel wonderful and I am so happy for you. Many people do benefit from vitamin therapy and find that their anxiety lessens when taking what they were deficient in....whether it be a B vitamin or D, or Magnesium. It is not a one size fits all cure of course...what works for one person may not have the same effect on another...but checking vitamin levels and, if lacking, seeking to get to where you need to be is always worth a shot. (no pun intended lol!) I hope you continue to feel better and better. Keep us updated! S.C."
175985471,"Yes, that's the limit that I've tried, just 10mg. And I don't know the dosing of the gummy worms because my friend bought a regular gummy worms to empty out and put the CBD ones in."
175985472,Oh my goodness! I love peanut butter & chocolate. Is peanut butter fudge partly chocolate?
175985473,"I have 2 months supply of Geodon because I bought 60mgs and 80mg so I can titrate down until I can just take 2X 60mg pills. I also lowered my fish oil pill, so intead of 2X I take 1 pill. They are triple strength so it was an easy choice. I've been feeling forgetful lately, I thought maybe it was the fish oil... Negative: I think we generally have all the same worries right now. ((hugs)) Positive: We painted a place down town and the couple gave each of us $100 tip because we fixed their mold and plumbing problem for no cost. The husband works at ohio state and teaches writing. We had an energetic talk and the next day I come to the jobsite he had my short story! I hope he likes it. I feel like that one could be popular if I advertised it. I'm really proud of that one. I worked on my next short story, I've got 11 pages right now. I have an idea of where I'm going to get the rest, but more time to clear my head is going to be nice. I also marked some new insights into my leather-bound Faust book. I 
wonder who will end up with that book after I pass away? I should really take a public domain translation and make an annotated edition of Faust on a nice hardcover edition and give them to all of my family members, hoping it reaches someone down the line."
175985474,Nice. I really like the colors used and the fairy looks really good
175985475,Hope you're feeling better!
175985476,Hey gorgeous
175985477,Caramel frappe
175985478,Well give it a week or two... she'll probably come back... xD
175985479,"Phenibut isn't on amazon, the first thing that came up was Smart Shrooms lol ""with state of the art hot water processing"" They are really stretching how state of the art hot water can be lol. I'd try phenibut, but maybe it's not legal in the US?"
174382142,"Yeah, I'm really worried about td. I beat it before but I had to stop taking whatever I was on over ten years ago. Here, it looks like a majority of the smokers have bad td. Oral movements, tongue movements, badly shaking hands, shuffling gait, etc. The cure involves huge doses of best quality vitamin e. It won't stop the movements we already have, I don't think, but it might help delay other movements."
175985480,"I have been drinking coffee, I took a nap though which was nice, disconnected from technology for an hour, worked out. It's been kind of a relaxing day."
175985481,Turkey sandwich
175985482,"Took a long nap. Feeling refreshed, worried I'm gonna have trouble sleeping tonight though"
175985483,I prayed a lot with this last break. The Lord took me by the hand and led me away from fear and confusion. Almost no voices now. Does anyone have trouble with voices coming back if you are upset?
175985484,"I wish I could just vegetate watching movies or reading or something but I'm too obsessed with my thoughts. I'm wrecking my own mind by obsessing. I'll stop don't worry @ people.. I'll be better eventually. I'm just afraid of my future, judgements from people saying I'm not doing enough, too contemplative.. philosophical yet not putting in the work to make art or anything.. I'm like a burning boat, floating on fire.. trying to get to a destination when really it's going to just sink.."
175985485,I am trying to find a full-time job. I am sick of basically accomplishing nothing.
175985486,You have to cut back really slowly on the benzo. Sucks I know.. 30mg temazepam (Restoril) converted to diazepam (Valium) is anywhere from 8-30mg diazepam. It's probably in the higher range regardless of your metabolism because you've been on the temazepam for a long time. You should check with your doctor to change to a different benzo so you can cut down because it's not as easy as cutting it in half let alone skipping it all together because that could be as much as 15mg diazepam (Or 0.75-3mg Xanax) depending on how long you've been on it. So like 1mg Xanax which is a lot.
175985487,I'm exhausted.
174382135,You may not know.. But these little things I cognitively do means I'm getting better... from negative symptoms. It's definitely the exercise and heat. I took zero drugs just meds My mom isn't drinking and her heart didn't stop on the hike..... But I have to sleep now cuz work in the morning. I might go for another hike tomorrow.
175985488,"Lamictal is not a stand alone, this is what i meant. A maoi? Worth a try for sure. The only short term would be xanax for intense panic, and i have used it short term. Nothing wrong with anti psychotics, heck lamictal's main focus is eplilepsy! Just about all mood stabilisers are anti convulsants! Rispiridone is slightly sedating, a small dose might be good. Abilify will help with ya thoughts. I mean anti psychotics play many a role. Get a nasty rap sometimes. Keep strong, HT More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175985489,I guess I will update about me: I have some major things going on in my life. 1. My job. I start on monday. They cut my hours to 15/week so I can keep my disability. Which makes it easier on me because I dont wanna jump into 20 hours from not working at all. Even tho I gotta do 40 hours the first week but it's all training. 2. My certification for my job. Idk when that'll be but they said itll be a travel-trip. They didnt tell me where but my old pss said either in _NAME_ or Houston. I hope not Houston. I have yet to hear about it. I am under the impression I gotta do it in the first 90 days tho of the job. I read that somewhere. I could be wrong tho. 3. I'm moving. Or trying to. I applied to an apt complex. 4. My mental illness is getting worse. It's been bad for a couple of weeks. I think its stress from everything that's gonna be going on. I left a message with my doctor but we will see. I think I need 2.5 of haldol at night and idk maybe geodon in the morning. Idk. We will see what she says. And 
just 1-3 are happening close to each other so I gotta try to time everything just right and it's really stressful.
175985490,"So tired. _PERSON_. Not sleeping well with Mom and Dad gone. Talked to Dad on the phone on my lunch break though. Told him about my kitty with the diabetes. I think we may have to put her back on the insulin shots. I was able to test her urine the other day, due to her missing the box (she was in the box but it still landed outside the box on the _NAME_) and her sugar levels were high. I have to ask my Dad what to do when he gets back. I can't really afford another vet bill of $600 just for them to tell me her sugar is high. I already know that. I know we still have insulin, I'm just not sure if we have the syringes."
175985491,I love making friends with cool people. I want to make friends with everyone. Screw having an intimate relationship.
175985492,"I haven’t been honest with you all, because I’m embarrassed. But I’ve been doing very badly. Which sometimes I’ve said, but not gone into detail. Ever since I lost my job I’ve been going downhill severely. It really wasn’t so much the actual job, but losing income monthly when we were just scraping by with maybe 100 dollars left over as it was. I’ve gone so downhill to the point where I’ve almost had to goto the hospital. Cuz first few weeks after losing my job, it was the losing of my job. Then the COVID got worse and that made me scared like maybe I would die or lose my dad. Then the race relations started to rise and that made me even more scared. So all these things together last 4 months or so, so far. All since March, I’ve been extremely anxious having panic attacks multiple times a day. Severe depression where I wasn’t eating much anymore or eating too much some days. I either stay up all night or sleep all day. I had to be out on ativan (back on Benzo’s) because my anx
iety has been so extreme. Most days I can’t wake up and have peace cuz within 30 min I’m having a panic attack. I’ve been hearing loud clear voices, and paranoia and delusions have been starting up too. I haven’t gone into detail because I don’t want to seem like a failure to you all. I’m sorry"
175985493,Please keep us in the loop. Relax. Lay down. Worried about you.
175985494,Went ahead and scheduled a ride for my next Abilify Maintena injection (it's on next Monday)
175985495,"I still want to get off of Xanax XR. I am taking 1 mg daily. I am going to try getting onto Klonopin tomorrow. My pdoc said I could try this. (I have decided to go back to my old pdoc). Klonopin, in the past, has been easier for me to get off of."
175985496,Thanks yeah she’s glad to be leaving I think. She woke up feeling much better this morning plus i think they maxed out the five days insurance will cover.....
175985497,My favorite share on this site is “We are all on an epic journey” That said... it’s not easy much of the time especially when you feel so alone and separate. I’ve been reading about the great results with hallucinogenics and the brain for recovery from deep depression and anxiety. Fascinating stuff. How to change your mind by _NAME_. I’m getting ready for big changes. Sounds like you’d like changes too!!! Best of luck.
175985498,My mom made pork tamales.
175985499,I’m having one of those days where I want to eat to enjoy instead of for hunger....does not help that we’ll be going to a cookout tomorrow.....
175985500,Did you know you can buy precooked brown rice frozen?
175985501,Are they coming from amazon?
175985502,"today's been a good day. Bought dark souls remastered for my switch, watched football, about to have dinner. I have to pay rent monday and tuesday I have surgery. Gonna be a busy week"
175985503,I'm on medicaid and they won't cover it
175985504,Wtf _AT_MENTION_? Those people are unbelievable. Part of me wonders if you are coming up for review or something. Like they need to justify why you’re still there by increasing your meds. Saying you require additional care/meds/etc. Errr...my paranoia is showing. I hate them for you.
175985505,Yes. I always adcocate movement. Blood flow is important...gets brain more alert . On the flip side an rx may be needed first....unless the illness is known earlier. We all different and a severely depressed person will likely require an intervention and medication. But i do hear ya. An excellent modality when the person is able to. A definite adjunct treatment. Great topic. HT
175985506,"I might call my doctor (psych) about this tomorrow and see what she says. Our appointment isn't until the 29th and I'm kind of freaked out about the metformin so I want either reassurance that I just have to be careful about eating enough, having simple sugars on hand, etc or for her to take me off it if it's dangerous. I hope I'm not wasting her time by calling"
175985507,The demons are really playing with me these past two days. I bet my ex is one of them
175985508,I think I would very much enjoy being a gentleman outlaw in the old west. So much so that people would feel happy to have been robbed by me.
175985509,Honestly? I feel like I have no time to advocate anymore for mental health. All I do is write about mental health and read about it.
175985510,I hate agitation. Like wanting to punch walls and stuff because of being so agitated and not know what to do with it. I'm trying to cope though
175985511,"They really should get them out there, people would definitely buy them"
175985512,Hanging out with my parents on Christmas. Going to the movies. Church on Christmas Eve. Then going to a friends house on Christmas Eve late. IDK what else.
175985513,"Gonna bring my computer and everything into the living room.. I love sitting there.. I really need an aesthetic place to do things that isn't my room. I see people showing me pictures of their ""set ups"" and I'm just like.. aaaaaaaahhhhhheee I took an extra 5mg olanzepine cuz I'm feeling a little dissociation/cognitive impairment. I only took one 5mg evening Dexedrine today. Tomorrow I'll take two at 4-5pm."
175985514,I read for an hour and now I'm looking up the step ladder to schooling thing. I would like to plan more about what I'm going to do but I'm continuing with the course on _PERSON_ about neuroscience until I get tired.
175985515,so far so good.
175985516,"I woke up late too. Needed the sleep. I’m drinking coffee, then I’m going to finally register for my exams! Then make sushi."
174382193,"I'm discharged from PHP, they said I'm welcome back if I ever want a clozaril trial."
175985517,That's incredible. All we had here was a very windy day.
175985518,Oh no. I hope he’ll be fine I know you love him so much. I’m sending my prayers
175985519,"Skipping it today, will shower again tomorrow morning. The longer we're in quarantine the harder it is to convince myself to shower lol I do most days but some days it just feels like a waste since I'm not going anywhere"
175985520,"It actually really good, it’s a classic bbq and ranch salad"
175985521,Agreed ... it’s not precise at all and definitely outdated.
175985522,Hello! It's been a while! :D Anxiety never really goes away. And recently I realised it seems closely associated with the tummy/gut! Did some studying on it and seems like my triggers are mostly from my tummy. Just did a health scan and most of my results came back good except uric/cRP. I guess it's due to me being overweight(working on it). Does anyone have any experience with bloat/gas and accompanying anxiety/panic? It happens quite abit after i eat _USER_ID_(beans) or veggies... =( Scares the crap out of me to think i'm gonna get a heart attack with trapped gas. Also! I'd like to know if any of you guys have any tips tricks on gas relieve? Maybe digestive enzymes? Probiotics?
175985523,Maybe it's from too much caffeine? I'm not sure. I probably drank at least 10 cups of coffee during each past couple of days. That's probably not good but at least I don't put sugar or anything in my coffee that would be extremely unhealthy with that amount. I just like the rush from caffeine.
175985524,Congrats newtus!!!!
175985525,I'm hoping they're charging my mod finally. I've been asking them since Thursday. Maybe I'll nap until lunch now.
175985526,Hi I would speak with your doctor about getting an increase and see if that helps I have never taken this medication so don’t know what the maximum dosage is. In my opinion your always better increasing before changing to a new medication. _PERSON_
175985527,The mixes usually work pretty well is that what you used? If so it could be an oven temp temp thing.
175985528,"So now that Tapatalk is ""fixed"" it logs me out Everytime I just close it, and it logs me in to post, but won't let me login to quote anyone. As usual the Tapatalk devs are on another ""ruin it"" phase. I've had a headache coming and going for weeks now, maybe because my left eye is losing crisp sight. A eye doc here said I have the beginning of macular degeneration. I don't know if she's just seeing all the scar tissue I have or actually diagnosing MD. It's a depressing prospect. They put needles into the eye. I wonder if I could be unconscious during all that. I was during my initial retina repairs in 1984, and during the cataracts removal a couple of years ago."
175985529,Had a strawberry shake for breakfast earlier
175985530,"Did you take any Benadryl? I've had electrocutions like this before.. Tactile hallucinations are a real thing. There's even drugs called ""entactogens"" which cause them.."
175985531,I had a dream that I got caught with a bunch of utility knives for self harming and there was an awkward conversation. Wtf I don’t even want to self harm why am I having dreams about it.
175985532,good morning
175985533,"That is a bummer, I hope it goes away soon. I never experienced nausea from it. I hope you feel better soon. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175985534,Maybe it could be a low episode. You're on downtime..
175985535,I can see your concern.
175985536,Hi!.......
175985537,"Honestly I was kinda relieved because it made sense, that's why I wasnt able to pick up the med sunday. Thanks for the tip SP <3"
175985538,"Hi All!!! _PERSON_, You are working so hard to feel better. I like seeing that. It is constant work and checking yourself but it is worth every minute. Keep up the good work. Oh and I need to get out more too. Hi _NAME_, Are you still running about on your scooter? I hope so. Our governor lifted stay at home orders with some restrictions today. So I will have no excuse not to go anywhere. lol.. _PERSON_, I see there has been changes there in your lock down. Makes things seem nicer. What a crazy world we live in... Hugs to all... _NAME_..."
175985539,"Yes. As of right now I need to keep things in small doses, basically put. Thank you! I went out to eat with my boss today and it really humbled me because I could barely eat at the restaurant. I have a thing about eating in front of people and going to restaurants. Eating around people that I dont know...i feel nauseous. I could barely keep the food down my throat. Anyway, it humbled me because it showed I'm not to a point just yet where I can say I'm normal. Plus I felt completely dumb next to her, and shes younger than me by 5 years."
175985540,"I’m so beyond tired. I fell asleep at 2am and then woke up at 5am and fell asleep on the big circle chair in the game room and woke up at 7am. Idk why I fight sleep so much, but I do. Like it’s a natural instinct to. Like I have life FOMO."
175985541,She texted and called me at work. And then she wanted to go in to resurface the counters and sent an email saying they arent liable for our items and took pictures and sent it to us.
175985542,Sorry you’re feeling depressed....
175985543,"Feel better soon, Des''' hugs!!!"
175985544,I hope your dad is okay _AT_MENTION_
175985545,"Still nowhere close to sleeping, not even remotely. Took another Trilafon, but it does not cause drowsiness, so... Sleep meds don't work for me anymore. I have been on everything on the market adn I do mean that almost literally. Probably, oh, maybe 20 different things, I would guess. My brain is just not capanle of being sedated by drugs any longer. So, could be up all night again. That does not portend well for the voices or visual hallucinations at all. But we shall see. We shall see..."
175985546,I should have become a shaman
175985547,Biz-zol offer best medications for 100% Anxiety and Panic Disorders management checkout website to place an order: https://quicksell.co/s/biz-zol-/prescription-drugs/x9i More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety CBD And Pain Management: Is This Supplement Right For You?
175985548,"Awe. The owner of my company sent me a text back to my text explaining why I suddenly need to take two vacation days. She said Feel Better _PERSON_, we need you and we love you. I work for great people."
175985549,Having a decent morning. Does anyone know why someone would be depressed like every single morning? That is happening to me these days and I don't know how to stop it.
175985550,I am good tonight. Just listening to some old rap music I used to like. Decent. Anyway. That's cool.
175985551,My mom is making a _PERSON_ pink cake <3
175985552,"I'm sorry I didn't mean that. Accept my apology. What?? You don't want to accept my apology? Why do you have the power??? I want the power! 50/50 and that's why me2 movement and calling out and all that stuff is stupid and good. Just don't complain and don't do things that wouldn't be redeemed with an apology and do things that would be redeemed with an apology (The sociopaths have that power) In the end, cry the wolf.. and that is karma But idk _USER_ID_: God.. I have gone insane.. _USER_ID_: I said apologies are stupid cuz there's a book about it and it seems pretty cool. He might have been a sociopath idk.. I'm just writing this to exercise my mind and writing lazy in a way I think it's cuz of my damaged self from the soldiers and crypto investor saying i'll be a serial killer but i wont go into that anymore"
175985553,"Positive: I started to watch The Witcher on Netflix for my lunch breaks. It's growing on me. Negative: My uncle gave me a sucker punch by sharing a post on his facebook about how I ""lost my mind"" because I have low quotients. lol I can't share my issues with anyone but you guys and my T"
175985554,"Oh man, I haven’t made guacamole in a long time, that stuff is amazing! Maybe I’ll make some soon"
175985555,I should get them in about one week
175985556,Happy birthday Newtus!!
175985557,"I had a lot of energy today but it’s slowing wayy down now, I’m exhausted"
175985558,When I got my tattoos yesterday the shop was playing Christmas movies. Ended up watching this one with _NAME_ and _NAME_. It was cute. Didn’t make the tattoos hurt less
175985559,You look cute sp. Can you take a pic of you on your horse? Maybe set it as your profile pic on here hehe.
175985560,"Aww thanks, I’ll still post here, maybe not as much for a little while but I’ll still post"
175985561,I don't think they do.. But they help me understand things.. Like living in the moment (Se).. and how I'm definitely not that. I just know I'm intuitive (N) and pretty flexible for everything else except Se.. There is more to personality cuz of enneagram for example explaining that there's different ways.. I'm kinda going insane and have no idea what I'm doing or if anything holds any solid weight - But I'm pretty stable and plan on staying that way =]
174382227,my psychiatrist thinks I might be BP1 w/ psychotic features rather than schizoaffective because I don't really have thought disorder
175985562,Feeling a bit better just needed to vent ^-;
175985563,_PERSON_ is bummed cus nothing is open on his bday. I feel so bad.
175985564,I just keep thinking about how painful everything is. I took 1g of kratom extract - I don't know if it will help with the particular issues that I'm having but it's something.
175985565,Just about to do my exam. So nervous! I’ll let you guys know how it goes. It’s like three hours long eek.
175985566,I downloaded ZenDay (An app) that allows me to make tasks for myself to do. I made 4-5 tasks to do for 30 minutes to an hour from 1pm-6pm. I should probably leave myself space in between to think and research spontaneously.. Idk if I thrive on doing things that aren't planned.. Yet sometimes I get nothing done.. But just putting pressure on myself allows me to prioritize. One of my main focuses is to get rid of my dissociative panic attacks. I ordered L-Tyrosine and Ashwagandha on Amazon. I'm gonna try those out.
175985567,not today
175985568,What is my food is poisoned how do I know. How can I trust it. I think I trust my mom and sister. I don't think they're in on it. Stealing my thoughts and all that. Maybe my doctor is in on it with those drugs... Maybe that's the poison.
175985569,Do you know what is causing the depression _AT_MENTION_?
175985570,Yeah my mom said that it's legit. She'll help me with it on Tuesday. Good thing my mom went to law school. She's extremely good with law. Like amazing at it.
175985571,Please confide in your cousin... and keep us posted. We are all rooting for you. You will feel better. I promise. And let us know what your cousin suggests.... big warm bear hugs to you from an Arctic cold in the north east.. xo
175985572,Had a breakfast burrito.
175985573,"Sometimes hypo is a good thing, imo..."
175985574,"I maybe have 3 or 4 packets I missed in the past 2 months leftover and some vraylar left over from a stand-alone pill bottle but I have no real packets left like for now. Like, for this month. I’ll have to use leftovers/missed meds. But I also have no Zoloft left whatsoever. Only in the missed packets."
175985575,Sorry to hear that.
175985576,"I remember having a fear like that in the past. Fear to be engulfed or something. Mostly not knowing what is yours or what is the other's. So it gets scary and some sort of existential threat. So I would flee people that were too close. It hasn't happened in awhile though, only young adult stuff. Once my personality was more settled, it stopped being something that would come up. It's different than the use of metaphor in order to keep covering as it were, deeper truth while preserving them. It's more of a question that other people's categories simply don't fit, they loose information when they are too specific. It's true about one's sense of self as well, thus the problem with psychological constructs like ""schizoid"" and so on. Someone that would be the pure thing would be a caricature of a person. It's just too limiting, but not an existential threat like in the first case."
175985577,"I was considering not taking some of my night meds so I could stay up all night cause I'm feeling so good and don't want to sleep, but I'm going to be responsible and take them"
175985578,Have you started your new meds yet? Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985579,"Oh, sorry about my post. I thought for sure they would since it's such a favorite."
175985580,Yeah.
175985581,"I just need to get through the next two days. Sunday and monday. And then I'm off for Christmas eve and Christmas. Monday is gonna be a long day I feel like, but maybe it wont be. I know tomorrow is definitely gonna be long. _PERSON_ has to work real late cuz Christmas hours at his work. So that sucks!"
175985582,_PERSON_ my sister ordered me a 128gb memory card for my Switch. Now I don't have to worry about running out of room when getting the Pokemon Sword expansion pass
175985583,Is there any way I can send u something to cheer u up?
175985584,Going to the library tomorrow to drop off some books I checked out several months ago since their dropbox is open now. Gotta stop at the pharmacy on my way there to pick up some of my meds.
175985585,"I’ve lost 5lbs since cutting out sweets, pastries etc. from 170lbs down to 165. I’ll eventually eat them again in the future but it will be after a long period of being healthy so when I do have a treat once in awhile I’ll have more self control"
175985586,My mom is burning out from work.
175985587,Probably. Actually this student doesn't really mind and is understanding. But I just feel bad for cancelling because I've done it like a few weeks in a row. I feel like I should be able to just teach the class. Oh well. Just feel like I am letting people down.
175985588,Where is everyone
175985589,"Yes, he has actually lived with father 2 times. The first time he lived with him, his father made him so mad by not giving him what he wanted and he went to school and told the school that his father was doing drugs in the house, beating him, not feeding him. _PERSON_ removed my son and his younger half brother from his dads home and sent him back to me. When my son was asked to tell the truth, he said that the only thing that was true was that his dad smoked weed and everything else was a lie. When they asked him why lie on your parent like that, my sons response was: “he should have let me do what I wanted and he wouldn’t be in this situation.” The last time he lived with him, this was about a year ago. He only lasted 3 weeks. He was saying very nasty sexual things to his dads wife, he was being disrespectful to his dads wife. He was stealing things from them. He was destroying everything in and around their house. So his father drove 2hrs from his house to mine and dropped him off on my fr
ont porch and left. We have not heard from his father since."
175985590,"gonna have some wendys for my first real meal after surgery, here's hoping it doesnt hurt too much"
175985591,Thanks guys I took my ativan and took a nap and feel better. _PERSON_’s covid test came back negative.
174382283,"Schizophrenia and Related Disorders Alliance of America the groups basically function as a schizophrenics anonymous group, they have a 6 step program, etc."
175985592,How are u
175985593,"Went grocery shopping, sent my W2 to my tax guy, called my dr. for a prescription, and picked up a different one at the pharmacy. It was pretty productive day. I'm going to sit back for a little while and then start to read something."
175985594,Meh. Not the best but not the worst
175985595,Is it something you want to act on or just like a thought that’s disturbing or something else?
175985596,"I don't agree. The power of suggestion and all that.... I wouldn't be surprised if the rate of cancer increases, since the introduction of suggestive images. It reveals a total lack of understanding of the psychology of nicotine addiction. A pathetic and counterproductive pretence at promoting responsibility. If governments really gave a $#%^ they would make it illegal, but stand to lose too much revenue. From a psychological perspective, ( my own ofc ) making it safer ( organic with no filters), cheaper ... may actually prove more beneficial and stem the negative feedback loop of self hatred nicotine addicts have at their core."
175985597,There's a great black and white movie called The Passion of _NAME_ the Arc. Very moving.
175985598,was fine but since yesterday the anxiety is increasing....i dunno why but i trying to take it easy ...lots of bad news floating
175985599,Thanks much _NAME_
175985600,"This will pass, falcon. This will pass."
175985601,I’ve taken Lexapro about 5 times and thankfully it’s always worked great for me!
175985602,Didn’t you just take her to the vet like last week?
175985603,"Hi _NAME_, I read your post and I also don't know what to say. I had a similar experience. It helped having a close friend who heard what I was saying even though he didn't believe it. An uninvolved friend would help you, I think. Even if they don't believe you."
175985604,Sometimes I don’t brush my teeth because I fear I’m going to vomit. Brushing my teeth makes me gag and sometimes I just can’t handle it.
175985605,"Got up, had breakfast, took meds, took a shower, and have 2 loads of laundry going right now"
175985606,How did u do on vraylar?
175985607,Do you think it’s the recent medication change?
175985608,"Hi everybody. i have been diagnosed about 2 years ago with schysophrenia . And i took medication in the form of amulsupride antipsychotic. Now that i feel better i have got rid of many important mental issues like disorganised thoughts witch was one of worst symptoms. so lately i have some minor thought regeneration basically in the form of automatically triggered inner dialogue about random things like giving an advice , or what ifs scenarios. Do you think its a normal state of mind or is it related to the disorganised thinking related to my schizoid symptoms. ?"
175985609,"Gotta shovel snow, I worry that I just don't care enough anymore. Always makes me feel better to get outside and do some work."
175985610,I’ve been having voices and visions that aren’t there. The voices are telling me terrible ways to hurt myself. There have been two days this week I have taken an overdose. Someone please help
175985611,"I don't agree with the common belief that the voices can't hurt you. Every brain is unique. Almost all of them are capable of unbelievable things. Each voice hearer has a unique story to tell & probably shares very little of it, because, sadly, even within the mentally ill community there is prejudice & shunning. I suspect hearing voices is a lot more common than is reported, because of the _USER_ID_. Personally, I have had to continually adjust to my difficult experiences, getting used to them, talking with the voices, trying to understand what they want & need, to keep my sanity & have a better life, for all of us. I feel the brain is many someones. The so-called conscious mind is only part of it."
175985612,"You're Welcome Hibee! Thank you _NAME_, for the hotlink. Really HT? I'd be curious to know what they said. I suppose it would be difficult to understand, without seeing the video. Too bad a person would need surgery to be free of severe OCD. Fortunately, it worked for this lad and probably many more in the future. Always good to see new treatments that work."
175985613,"I have 3 kids and 2 of them have some social anxiety. They’re ok with people they know but are afraid to talk to people they don’t know. They both somehow manage to make friends but don’t hang out with friends as much as my daughter who doesn’t have anxiety. They get nervous to reach out to their friends to do something. I had the same type of anxiety starting in 8th grade, so know how they feel. My dilemma is whether I should seek out treatment for their anxiety or let things be. I’d really hate to start them on meds at a young age (15 and 16). At the same time, don’t want their life to be held back bc of anxiety. Anyone else deal with that? What type of treatment is usually used in teens with social anxiety? Thanks!"
175985614,I’m here because I’m an addict. And I want to break the cycle and be free again. I am addicted to porn. I am 28 years old and 1 year married to the love of my life. I have never told my wife before and I just don’t know how even if I did. I’ve been watching ever since I caught a eye on tv when I was probably 12 years old. I currently take depression medicine. Which also causes issues in bed and the medicine can cause male side effects as well. So I’m on another medicine to help counter it. But I still kinda have problems getting it up with my wife. And deep down I think most of the main reason is that I am addicted to porn...
175985615,Probably is. Is that a problem I wonder idk. I’m a hypochondriac. I feel lightheaded a bit but it could be anxiety.
175985616,Had a panic attack. Idk why - Could be cuz of the invega idk.. took 2.5mg alprazolam.. Gonna take a zopiclone maybe and sleep. Work in the morning. I'm not taking the Vyvanse in the morning - I'm gonna take it at 10pm. I'll be a complete zombie in the morning and might not even get out of bed but I think this radical change might help. Wish me luck...
175985617,"My agoraphobia is getting bad lately, not sure why. I'm working on it though. It's just hard. I've lost 5lbs the past month so I'm happy about that"
175985618,I can't get enough of this nicotine gum
175985619,"It’s not a blessing, it’s a malfunction in the brain. Having real relationship is better than imaginary."
175985620,Watching live feed and there it looked peaceful and then suddenly cops intervene and it went to hell.
175985621,"I'm sorry to hear that SP, I'll keep you and your family in my prayers"
175985622,"Woke up really needing a coffee. I slept in until 3pm because I didn't give a ****. I might have a cold like my sister.. Coronavirus - Who knows. I made a pot of coffee in one cup. I'm dependent now. My mom was annoying me being so dramatic to take out the trash.. All you have to do is be mindful about it, take the trash out - That's all there is to it. Last night I went for a walk around the block and it was very slowly starting to get bright out. As I walked back to the house, I lied down on the grass in the yard and looked up at the stars - It was amazing and so beautiful. I was listening to nice songs and saw all of the stars in the sky - I started thinking about how that is what it's like to feel at a concert or festival on acid (Because I've been getting psychosis recently which kind of feels like acid - Music giving me signs from the gods or the researchers or aliens creating the simulation). Newtus, I'll start researching about the brain and DiPT (Diisopropyltryptamine) - It's a drug that m
akes people hear voices. I'll come back with some information..."
175985623,"Desoxyn, I don't know if there's anything like this where you are but I'm in a supportive housing place. So I have my own apartment and am independent, but there's a supportive housing manager here I meet with every 2 weeks that is in contact with my psychiatrist and therapist and makes sure I'm doing well, staying on track, goes over goals I have, and if I'm struggling or need anything they're there for me to talk to and can help me with any other resources I need. It's really a great place. Plus they have activities and stuff in the community room downstairs, (well they did, before Covid) like nutrition classes where someone comes in and cooks a healthy meal down there in front of us, we can try it and they give us the recipe. There's bingo sometimes, potlucks, community walks they organize, holiday parties and a lot of different things. I've only been here 3 and a half months but it's been great so far. It's not like assisted living where you're not independent."
175985624,"I’m 44 I got sick around 36 so I already had my degree, that makes it much easier in the short term."
175985625,Diet coke
175985626,"Oh, thanks. I have been taking too little."
175985627,Thank you. _PERSON_
174382326,"First of all, I am very sorry about your mother. I know things were not going well for her the last time I was around here with any consistency. I have been my usual state of continuously psychotic, though thankfully I have not been in any serious crises since early 2017. I most certainly am without a doubt insane, but not in any way that endangers myself or anyone else. One of my many unfortunate troubles has been that notorious, pervasive, and profound lack of insight that schizophrenia is infamous for ... hence my absence. I do hope you are doing as well as can be reasonably expected, given your circumstances."
175985628,"I hope I can get the Ketamine nasal spray to take home and not have to go to some wierd clinic where they would overcharge me and waste my time and someone elses who would have to pick me up. It would be much easier to go home, administer myselff, and just chill the f out at my own convenience."
175985629,My options are either to back or apply for a greencard and stay here for atleast four years.. if i stay here she wont be able to marry someone else legally. Now i dont wanna be that selfish but im so used to here i dont wanna go back forever either. ?
175985630,Wore a new shirt today and put on perfume.
175985631,"Oh no, Jesus."
175985632,"Nope, not today, but I will tomorrow."
175985633,"C., I think what has happened here are two different schools of thought regarding the use of Buspar. Yes, it is typically taken as a daily Rx, however, for some it can be useful as a PRN med. I think that you can trust both your doctors since they are both technically right! You many just want to go ahead and try the Buspar as needed, and if you are not getting the results that you need, ask your P-doc what the next step could be. Best wishes in getting all of your health concerns managed well, both mental physical. Keep us updated so we can keep you in support. S.C."
175985634,Paradise in your eyes green like american money
175985635,"Voices continue to sabotage me and talk back stuff about me. I am convinced the person that accused me of taking pictures of her in the ward is out to get me, and all the nurses are plotting against me. (I never did anything like that either, it raised my anxiety to sky high levels cause I would never try to be malicious...) The doctor will poison me with new meds likely tomorrow. Or that’s what she thinks. I know I don’t have to take anything they attempt to give me. So I will refuse. They’re trying to plot against me I know it. It’s so stressful. The voices say that they were the ones that made me smoke and said it will kill me which is exactly what they wanted to do to me. They’re so evil and I deserve it all."
175985636,They could have gotten people's dna using thousands of other ways. DNA is everywhere.
175985637,"Give it a couple hors, Blue."
175985638,I’m so sorry to hear that you’re having this experience but I can totally relate to you. I used to have them at work and would turn bright red in the face and literally felt like I was going to die. I ended up talking to a professional and taking meds which helped a lot. I’m no longer on meds so that I can try to deal w my issues without them but I still talk to a professional. I think if you can figure out what’s triggering them then it does get easier. I had to do a lot of work on myself due to a less then ideal childhood.
175985639,"On a better note, I just wrote a plot and some story for my novel for the beginning and middle."
175985640,"I had to reply to ur past post about family running out of room if u shared emotion. That was my childhood, I could be crying in living room and sisters would actually leave house to avoid. We were never taught how to process emotions. so no one knew how to deal with someone else's pain. My mother had gone thru traumatic event and had own anxiety, depression, ptsd, and she was putting self thru college and then working full time to support us 4 girls. so we were on our own alot. Just had to share. SMILE -- this too shall pass.. _NAME_"
175985641,"It’s been hard to find a support group online, the ones I find are not so much about anxiety. I want to be able to open up and maybe give anyone the chance to express yourself freely about problems and other concerns. If you’re interested please message me. Thank you!"
175985642,"I want clozapine too. Honestly, I feel like it's my last resort."
174382374,"Nope, never talked about it. I've been on one other AP but the Pdoc thinks Rexulti is the best thing out there. It is okay I guess, not having much to compare it to, but it causes a lot of weight gain. Sigh."
175985643,"Yup, self-care is taken care of"
175985644,_NAME_ - Right Above It ft. _NAME_
175985645,"clemxiii I have... enjoyed, not quite the right word but..., reading your and _PERSON_ posts. I haven't read the entire thread yet but I'm going to. I, too, see the trails and have come up empty in my search for answers. I first started seeing them late at night, like when I'd get up to use the bathroom. But I can look directly at my hand and see them. I've always thought of it as my brain being overwhelmed. Or in that case not totally awake. One person commented her Neurologist likened it to a computer. I picture my computer brain being a bit slow in visually processing what I'm seeing. Personally, I've been struggling with a great deal of pain from an ankle injury. Yes, I'm taking low dose pain killers, but I see the trails even when I haven't used them for days. I don't see them all the time. Also, I get a lot of floaters, too! They're so annoying! I have an easy way to get rid of them. open your eyes while swimming! Blink a few times under water and it flushes them out. If you're not able to go 
swim, a bath works just as well. Do any of you see an oval white ring of light around your eyes when you open them in a dark room? I do. It's exactly the shape of the interior my eyes. It frames my field of vision with a soft white ring of light for a split second. When you talk about the noise in your vision, do you ever see it when your eyes are closed? It's great having somewhere to talk about these things! No one understands what I'm talking about ! I look forward to hearing more of your experiences. _NAME_."
175985646,My new med dosage has been making me very nauseous after I take it
175985647,Oh gosh. Too many to choose one: Oh Holy Night Good King Winceles California Christmas That one that talks about Chestnuts roasting on an open fire _PERSON_ Jolly Christmas The one that says _PERSON_ I want a hippopotamus for Christmas I saw Mommy kissing _NAME_ And about a billion more! You?
174382348,"I was looking up ""Schizophrenia and sense of humor"" and I saw a quora question saying ""How do I get schizophrenia?"" which was quite absurd so I clicked on it and the response was someone that said; ""You can get schizophrenia. Ok…. let me get into my dark lab and tell you how we do it around here… First of all, schizophrenia has probably more to do with the neocortex part of the brain and less with the limbic system or the reptilian complex. Chances are people who had schizophrenia had a more advanced brain to start with. So to get schizophrenia you need to have: A more intelligent brain in some respects A genetic predisposition to that illness A certain type of mental adjustment which triggers the illness Now let’s define some important concepts: Homeostasis “Homeostasis” is a characteristic unique to living beings. In simple words, it means that a person adjusts to their environment. And by adjusting, we mean a change in the way it functions. And it is a reasonable assumption to mak
e that the purpose of that function is to ensure survival. The age when schizophrenia develops Symptoms such as hallucinations and delusions usually start between ages 16 and 30. What a coincidence. Those are key stages of the development of personality. The symptoms of schizophrenia & the interesting link to personality A common symptom of schizophrenia, not officially described as such, is confusing persons - such as watching a person talk on TV and thinking they talk to you personally. Or hearing voices in your head - again as if a person is there. Another symptom is disorganized speech and disorganized thinking. That is basically, talking or thinking inconsistently, and without connecting meanings appropriately, and without arriving at any terminating conclusion. What could be missing? I smell personalization again. Patients with schizophrenia also show impaired emotional and social behavior, such as lack of theory of mind and misinterpretation of social situations. Impaired emotional behaviour - let’s 
skip that for the moment - it has been overly medically discussed already. But theory of mind and social behaviour do seem to relate to personality again. Socializing is all about personality. Long story short, I have already made up my mind - I think the root of development of schizophrenia is a problem of personality. I was just writing the previous to get there. So how to reproduce schizophrenia? Given that you fulfill conditions 1 & 2, all that is needed is to create condition 3. And how do you create condition 3? As it seems, the trigger is a change in personality, which would be caused due to homeostasis. Simply put, you would have to force someone to develop a personality that is damaging to themselves. What kind of personality do we need? A very misaligned one: One that is not self-serving, not self-directed, not self-controlling. How do you obtain it? Simple… through homeostasis - place a person in an environment with other people who themselves have a personality type that would induce this type o
f personality to the subject. An environment controlled by someone who forces others to be so: in other words, an environment rigidly controlled by someone with another personality disorder with almost the opposite characteristics. So all we need to create condition 3 is: Put the subject in an environment with a narcissist, a psychopath, a sociopath. Let that person take all control away from the subject. Give “homeostasis” enough time to do its work. And voila… We have just produced a schizophrenic!"" So yeah I have long believed that my narcissistic step dad abusing me caused my positive symptoms when I was 16. Also he abuse from teachers in middle school caused my negative symptoms when I was 12."
174382330,"I don't like the idea of reading about a company, even because the reading is going to be quite intensive. jobs openings feel transient, so they might not be available when I'm done studying the company. but I think this company's jobs are different. the company is quite frugal, to the point where its name reflects its frugal nature. the company promises products at a set low price, which made sense when I was a kid. but nowadays, due to inflation, the set price is way too low. some people might think discriminately of the company, selling at such low prices. the company emphasizes that it keeps its stores well-lit and clean, probably to counter discrimination against its economy. also, since the store sells things at such a cheap price, I can only expect workers to not be paid much. I doubt any father or mother would be able to feed their kid on the company's income. so this type of company might be a perfect fit for a man like me who is independent and only needs to feed himself. To compensate fo
r their set low prices, I think they allow costumers to buy in bulk. this is also a great advantage for me, as I'm interested in transportation and material moving work. Lifting heavy materials and loading trucks will be my specialty. the economic nature of the company will probably be near my economic nature: a perfect fit. I doubt anyone would secure the job, or would hold the job for long. It's perfect for my demographic. the downside would be the economic discrimination I might have to endure, at the workplace, from customers and perhaps even the company itself."
175985648,"Hey slumberkitty, how are you?"
175985649,"I had a total about-face and realized my current therapist is the problem. She keeps pushing me towards finding a new psychiatrist. I don't know what to do now. I am honestly all over the place and I don't know what the heck to do. I honestly don't know if my current therapist is the problem, actually. I just think that might be the case. But I just want to give it more time, you know? We've only been meeting for a couple weeks or so. I know no one can have complete objectivity, but I'd like to have some objectivity with my decisions. Is that too much to ask?"
175985650,"Oh yeah poppy seeds have morphine in them. Very little amount. ""Morphine, codeine, and thebaine concentrations from seeds were <1-2788 mg/kg, <1-247.6 mg/kg, and <1-124 mg/kg, respectively"" I would be honest about eating a poppy seed beagle."
175985651,Atheists and theists are both wrong in certain ways and both right in certain ways.. But they are both physical reality (Whatever that happens to mean at the time) and God (Whatever that means at the time or circumstance to lead to real reality - Whatever that means). We're all word salads that make sense in some ways and we just have to accept that. But trust me. I'm a good person - Whatever good means.. Like good intentions (Which cause the most harm - But they are good intentions right). I'm telling you that I'm not crazy - But I'm not tripping right now or feel like I'm tripping much and I'm comfortable and that's all that matters.
175985652,"Pretty good. Woke up early, changed my sheets and washed the other ones. Was gonna take a walk to Family Dollar but it’s raining. I’ll probably just read today, play ukulele, and drink a lot of coffee ?? how about you?"
175985653,"So since I plan on going to college and getting a degree. I'm reading electronics for dummies, which is a pretty hard book if you can't remember most of the thing you read."
175985654,I got rashes on my back and pimples all over my face. Haha my body is out of balance ?
175985655,I took them and it tasted like a poison. I hope they make more capsules for these kinds of meds.
175985656,Not sure but I took an ativan and slept. Just woke up.
175985657,I just finished an enormous cup of coffee.
175985658,I’ve showered 3 of the last 4 days... I think getting up earlier is helping because often when I get up later in day I can’t be bothered...
175985659,Working on getting a coop in Stardew valley
175985660,Got some stuff at the library
174382388,"How might the underlined, bold text relate to the more common occurrence of cognitive dissonance ?"
175985661,"I got to see my friend through the window yesterday, it was a _USER_ID_! It cheered me up. Now though I have anxiety through the roof. They've lost two pairs of jeans in the past two weeks. Plus some small implements like a tweezers, and a small mirror. But I'm worried my friend will be terribly pissed off at me because I asked him to send me 10 one liters of soda. I hope he won't get upset. Life is just easier here with lots of soda. It gives me a reason to get up in the morning. I have one pair of pants left, but they're like black denim, opaque and kind of tight. I don't know what to do about my missing pants. Lean heavier on the laundry staff I guess, in a polite way."
175985662,Hope you feel better soon.
175985663,"Hey, good luck! You can do this!"
175985664,Bought this today.
175985665,My dad wants to get the vaccine and I’m really scared for him
175985666,I love dry cheerios for a snack lol
175985667,The wire in my bra is starting to poke through the fabric and it's so uncomfortable.
175985668,Basement Eyes by FIATFV (and watching the new video)
175985669,"Morning!! Found some motivation. Forced my kids to school...one literally in tears, went to 3 banks, went grocery shopping, got gas, worked, did laundry. Now I’m sitting on my *** preparing to binge watch serial killers while sipping this delectable flavored coffee I was gifted . I’m supposed to be looking up bathroom renovations but I don’t feel like it. Going to redo fil’s bathroom then I guess we’re going to rent it out. Ugh...stress."
175985670,Hoping to make some Ethiopian Dabo bread tonight and take some to a friend who just graduated with her B.A.
175985671,I take fish oil but that's because I take a statin. Supposedly the two together work better than just the statin alone. I'm hoping I can get off the statin soon though. I don't think they are good to be on for a long time. IDK I have to ask my DR.
175985672,"I have been in an open relationship with one man for over 20 years now. This has worked great for us, as we realized from the start that we would not be able to make a monogamous commitment to each other, however, the only rules were that we would keep no secrets, play safe (if, and when, we played, whether as a couple, or solo), and not invite anyone else into our relationship. So...a third man enters the picture, and, long story short, ends up living with us now for 18 months (give or take). This complex relationship has been the biggest challenge of my life, and has been a source of great joy and torment as well. The new guy is a bartender, and he is a wonderful person, very loving, kind, considerate, and intelligent! My partner and I both fell in love with him over a period of time. Changes in our home began, as the other two guys like to stay up, sometimes until dawn, drinking and talking. Sometimes I could stay up with them, but most often, as a 60-year old man, I realized that I need a regul
ar sleep schedule, and much earlier to bed than the other two. The new guy and I also clashed about music that we prefer, and as the alcohol increased, the clash got worse. I would usually end up storming out and going to bed by myself. Before the new guy, my regular partner and I often slept together, and many times I would go into the other room to sleep because he snores violently, and/or twitches during the night. This was never a problem, because I always had my spot beside him if I wanted to come back to bed. Now, with the new guy, we decided that three is too many for one bed, even a king-size bed. Suddenly I start feeling left out. We didn't have a regular rotation schedule, so I would often sleep by myself for several nights, waking up in the middle of the night feeling very lonely. As I said, this was never a problem before, as I always had my space beside my regular partner. The new guy has been verbally abusive at times when he reaches a point where he is so drunk that he often ends up either fall
ing or passing out. This has been a major source of stress, but it seems to have been better lately as far as the abusive part. I have stopped drinking, and am, as of today, 72 days sober, and I don't miss it at all! I have not had a problem wanting to drink, as my aversion to the way it affected me and my home life is very strong! Anyway, that's my story, in a nutshell! I really love both of these men, and I feel that they love me as well! I am just not dealing well with the late nights and the sleeping arrangement, in addition to the alcohol abuse. Thanks for listening!"
175985673,Yeah my friend and I were just talking about that last night. We had both gotten alerts on our phones from Disneyland and we both thought they were going to close it. But one was an alert for Star Wars and the other one for something else. Then today she sent me a screen shot and said we jinxed them because they closed! I have a perfectly good season pass going to waste though because I haven't been able to go and now because of the virus I can't go.
174382390,"i also have DID and have been dxed with schizoaffective-bipolar type. the voices of auditory hallucinations are different from the ones of my alters, too. My alters make more sense and they talk to me as well as each other. they answer questions if they feel like it. whereas with my hallucinations, they normally make little sense and are generally unresponsive to precise questions. it helps to know someone else understands these differences, it's hard to get even my therapist to understand. hope you are well and that the zyprexa is helping."
175985674,I was initially diagnosed with bipolar and then only negative valleys in my moods. The diagnosis didn't stick for me or I changed. Now I have the prescription for moods stabilizers. I wish I could offer something that sounded more helpful.
175985675,Morning. Been having anxiety since I woke up. Going to take a warm bath followed with my skin care routine. Hopefully they’ll help.
174382379,"Hi all, I did not get the job I interviewed for last week. But, I am ok. It was stressful to do interviews in another language. I am glad it is over. I was asked to be in a media campaign to attract more students. Hopefully, it will work, and I will get more students. I feel blessed I have a job. I don't make much money but earn enough to go out and eat once in awhile. I was doing this until I got sick of doing it. Now, I stay at home and eat. I am happy. I like my job although the terms are not great. I am a free lancer so am paid per lesson. I can't complain because I am making ends meet. I thought the other job I interviewed for would be better, but it is not. It does not pay that much and the only thing good about it is that there are some minor benefits for employees of the company. I don't think I can be a company employee at my age so I was wasting my time and effort. However, I learned from it and am glad it is over. I like teaching and will remain a teacher. I have no complaints. I sleep a 
lot because I have the time to sleep. Also, I can't stress myself out too much because of my illness. So, I am happy with what I have. I am not asking my family for money so am making ends meet myself. I feel good about this. I don't have much but it is nice to be independent. I will try to teach private students wen possible. Right now, it is too dangerous to teach in person. I will wait for awhile. I feel good which is nice. I don't have to deal with my family in person anymore. I just do what I want. I am trying to stay away from trouble too by not dating people from online dating sites. I have to find a hobby and think learning a new languages could be it. I am happy and am relieved that my life is going well."
175985676,I’ve heard of some meds having this effect...
175985677,Thanks. I feel like everytime I talk to the pdoc and not have good news for her I feel like I failed or something. I don't want to do the poly-pharmacy and I don't want to try older meds because of dystonia and TD... even newer meds caused me to get dystonia. I refuse to do any older AP's anymore.
175985678,Irish breakfast tea
175985679,That's my goal too _AT_MENTION_ to shower every other day. I usually shower in the morning tho....occasionally at night.
175985680,"I had a hot dog and popcorn earlier, might get something for a snack before I take my night meds just not sure what. Drinking black coffee"
175985681,Showered and shaved
175985682,"Hello robinsonfrances273, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175985683,_PERSON_’s dna test Still waiting on _USER_ID_’s
175985684,A walk would probably be helpful but I'm at work so it's not really practical right now.
175985685,"I do all the basic things like washing hands often, carrying hand sanitizer and avoiding crowds. BUT then I just carry on with my normal life. We can't stay hidden in our homes forever. Get out and get some fresh air, work in the yard, talk to friends. The media is bombarding us with news about it 24/7. It will make you a little crazy after a while. So I listen to the news for a few minutes only. Remember there are a lot of people working on a vaccine and other people working on containing it. Have faith and remember that worrying will only make it hard on yourself."
175985686,Ham and cheese hot pocket
175985687,Wow that’s pricey!
175985688,I thought u were talking about real life
175985689,I have some Southern Comfort here that fiancé bought me. I take 1 or 2 shots a night.
175985690,I just want to cuddle up and do nothing.
175985691,Yes I did
175985692,Thanks
175985693,"Yes, I got my flu shot in October so I should be covered. It doesn't feel like the flu....my symptoms are coughing mainly, weakness, tiredness, no high fever or anything like that. No sore throat. Everybody seemed to have this cough at the hospital so whatever was going around there is what this is. I do see my PCP on Monday the 10th. If I'm still sick I'll have her check me out. Hopefully it just resolves on it's own. I'm just so tired though. I just want to sleep. Someone suggested on the psychotherapy board, that it could be depression (not the cough but the fatigue). I hadn't really thought of that. I guess it could be. Regular T seemed to think I was having passive suicidal thoughts that were being suppressed. IDK. My parents are going to be gone for 5 days next week. They want to know if I will be okay. I said that I would because I don't want them to stay home on account of me. I asked a friend to drive with me to my Pdoc appointment on the 14th but she said she'll have to pray about it. I t
exted her back and was like, I don't need you to go in with me, just come with me on the drive. But IDK."
175985694,Omg I just got one too
175985695,I can’t sleep
175985696,Good luck! ?
175985698,"I'm sorry. And I can relate. I suffer this way, too. It's horrible."
175985699,"Yes, that can do it."
175985700,Cleaning and then gonna make chili in the crock pot.
175985701,"Oh, I’m so jealous. We need rain so bad. I live on the desert and it’s a really dry year for us."
175985702,"Sorry. I didn't know you were feeling that bad. Try to rationalize the thoughts. On my CBT paper it says ""Catch it, Check it, Change it"" and the last one is ""Confidence"". In my opinion, demons are purely symbolic. A demon can mean anything. Unless they're like fictional demons like the one that Newtus _NAME_ yesterday then they're not real. Why would they want your blood? But you in particular.. Many people ""deserve"" for the demons to see their blood.. Like bastards of the world that aren't good people at all. I'm a demon towards those 100 or something people that own half of the worlds wealth. I want to see their blood. Or rapists. But I'd rather just have their heads and throw them in the fire. Blood isn't an appealing thing to me."
175985703,Now I'm craving them.. they're good
175985704,It really is! I’m addicted!!!!!!!!
174382447,Now we will all go psychotic together because I shared this information.. Or enlightened.. idk... #Shared psychotic disorder..
175985705,If everything goes well I should have _NAME_ next Friday
175985706,I want a tattoo.
175985707,"wanna stay up all night, been watching twin peaks"
175985708,"Good morning I slept well and got up at a reasonable hour this morning though it took some effort. I can see that the Zyprexa is also making me sluggish during the day which would explain why I haven't done any gardening since I got on this drug in July. Maybe doing some yoga in the mornings would wake me up more. Of course I'm still dealing with the shock about my friend and know it will take time to feel normal again, whatever ""normal"" is, or maybe a new normal. I spent yesterday evening with my family which is a regular, weekly thing we do. I go over to my folks' place for dinner and we watch a movie or TV series together. Last night we began Good Omens which is a British/American co-production. We watched the first two episodes and so far it's pretty fun. I spend Sundays with them, too, and also get together with my sister most Friday evenings. Today a have some errands to run, but other than that I'll probably read, hang out here some, and do some writing. Hang in there today everybody Hugs, 
Ceara"
175985709,Do you still have my gamertag?
175985710,"Now on 2 mood stabilizer, 1 antipsychotic, and 1 benzo More On Chronic Illness Too Young for Chronic Illness: An Interview With _NAME_ Living With Chronic Pain"
175985711,"Hi everyone. I haven't been on here much at all in a while. My son caugjt a cold virus a few weeks ago and then I caught it from him about a week ago but got a mild case of it and was getting over it and today my throat started feeling irritated and I have to clear it constantly and I'm getting kind of hoarse. I've always had a throat anxiety but when this has happened in the past I've gotten laryngitis. Ugh I was hoping it was just allergies but I'm not sure now. I've been taking zinc, vitamin c and elderberry s i am really upset that I can't kick this stupid thing. And yeah I've gotten tested twice for the virus because my son was going to school and has been quarantined and a lady at my work tested positive but I'm negative. I started using zicam throat spray again recommended by scaredy cat. hopefully it will ward this off even more. I stopped using it over a week ago because I thought if I get coronavirus I won't be able to tell because this spray makes you not be able to taste.ha And didn't t
hink it mattered since I was already taking zinc supplements but maybe works better since it's going directly to the source. I'm just really sick of not feeling like myself. If anybody has any recommendations please let me know."
174382454,I still don't feel well. And I'm having a difficult morning. The tylenol isn't helping with my ear pain. I feel like I need to rest all day. But I'm falling behind on housework. My cat is doing well. Even though she didn't take her pill this morning. I tried putting it in a pill pocket and then in some cheese. I may have to try to put it in her mouth this morning. I'm really stressed out right now. I may go back to bed.
175985712,Yay! Totally we’ll have to exchange codes!
175985713,"Hi, First of all, let me say how grateful I am that I found this community. It’s difficult for me to ask for help, but I desperately need guidance. My husband was diagnosed Bipolar 2 years ago. The pandemic hasn’t been kind to either of us, and his moods have been deteriorating to the point he just switched his meds. He’s currently agitated and isolating. Do I just let him? I was unaware he was switching and was a little upset that he didn’t say anything until after he came home and started his new meds. I would have loved to have a discussion about how we can navigate this (we’ve been married less than 2 years, and I’ve seen the depressed and manic episodes, but I still have no idea how to be supportive without violating my own boundaries and exhausting myself, and it’s my first time navigating a meds switch). Now he’s just in his office staring at the computer screen for hours. Guys. Honestly I’m not even sure I have the capacity to be supportive right now. I’m lost. I’m ang
ry. What do I do?"
175985714,I took a 4 hour nap earlier also
175985715,I'm in agony. I had to make small talk with the GM/CEO for about 15 minutes. He is a nice enough chap. I just really don't feel up to talking today.
175985716,"I don't know why I am so apathetic about posting in this thread, but I am. I did not take a shower today. Because my bathroom was being painted. Grrr..."
175985717,"Merry Christmas! I was feeling terrible this morning still after just 30mg of Vyvanse but drinking a coffee helped. I was irritable and unfocused while opening presents - My cat peed on the carpet - I didn't know where, and my mom and sister wanted to go skiing. I didn't go cuz I was so agitated and was trying to figure out the instructions to the _PERSON_ fan that my dad bought me. So I'm just enjoying the day by myself. Took .9g of phenibut which helped with my mood."
175985718,"Thanks, maybe I'll see if a museum is open around here. Or I could go to the park. Or maybe I could take myself out to the store to buy a nice coffee or something, good coffee would be a good motivator."
175985719,Yeah I'm gonna stay up probably. I'm not sure about new years resolutions but here are some of my goals for the next year: Start taking classes again at my college Learn how to crochet Learn how to play chess Do a year long Bible study Continue studying Italian Continue playing ukulele Continue recovering from my eating disorder Read 50 books Cut back on internet usage
175985720,"Yes, but I'm not sure if I took the fish oil or not. They're so big!"
175985721,Good luck with your interview SP!
175985722,"Thanks, _NAME_, and _PERSON_. Surprising how comforting it is to hear from folks who know what's it's like. Today, I'm going to check out my bike to see how in shape it is - probably needs a pumped tire or two - and maybe go for a ride. That helps to stay in the moment"
175985723,"Have you guys ever, without even trying to, “predicted” something before it happened? I’m still bothered by something someone said to me around a year ago. So I was doing my normal unimportant daily thing, then in my head, I “heard” this person said something to me. I thought I was just imagining it. But then in less than a week after that, this said person really said that thing that I heard in my head before to me. I wonder whether this was an intuition? That I picked up clues that I had been seeing and came to the conclusion unconsciously so I heard it in my head? This wasn’t some kind of _NAME_ though. And it was definitely not a hallucination."
175985724,Im mixed full of emotions. I let people walk over me and people are making me out to be a horrible person. Then again IDK why I care about peoples opinion who obviously don't know me on a personal level.
175985725,"I like crystals and candles, anything that makes you feel safe, keep them near How about crocheting before going to bed?"
175985726,"I put stupid little stuff in my calendar to look forward to. Like watching a certain movie, taking a walk somewhere, having a treat like dessert or candy, having a gaming day, etc. just stuff to break up the monotony and make it feel like I have stuff going on/to look forward to during the whole pandemic situation since there’s nothing else going on or anywhere to really go."
175985727,"Well put and worth re-posting. I wanted to get banned. Despite the banality (""How Do You Like Your Eggs?""), I was spending too much time there. I got banned for being abusive, but they let me back, so I started to post in the relationship advice subforum about how the solution to everybody's problem was to kill themselves. Even that didn't stick. I had to threaten one of the admin's mother in a particularly unsavory manner in order to get booted off for good. The most popular forum (general topics) there was dominated by a bunch of Heathers who balked at a new user (me) jumping right in without being properly initiated. Most of them hated me. It was delicious. These forums are much less active, but at least the people here are interesting. I've never felt completely comfortable with people who have a firm purchase on their rocker."
175985728,Oh yeah i haven’t seen anything like that but I believe they’ll be magic later....
175985729,To what extent is your schizo and anxiety?
175985730,Gorgeous!
175985731,"I feel very sad. But this is the first time that I'm able to do things. I packed my stuff, got my meds ready.. So we can drive to my old town in the morning to stay in a hotel and clean up the crack house. I filled all the cat food bowls, their water.. I removed the water cooler spill stand and cleaned it.. I washed my hands a few times after doing these things and vacuuming my room, then I swept the kitchen floor. I've never been this patient. It's like I have all the time in the world - It's how it should be.. It's what I wanted. My meds must be doing this. Slightly inspired, awaiting a good future - Enjoying the little things that I'm doing. I feel like going to bed and waking up the same way as this."
175985732,"I have come to the realization that I have abandonment issues and I have a co-dependency on romantic relationships. I am afraid to be alone and I want someone to always be with me, which might be caused by the abandonment issues. My father wasn't really in my life growing up and he just started calling me and talking to me with all that I'm going through. I was also the last pick for my mom when it came to my mom showing up to sports and other performances. I was the oldest sibling in the house and since I was young I have been taking care of others. I always put everyone before myself and take care of everyone else. Now I am having a very difficult time and I have to rely on others to get me through, and that is a huge adjustment for me. Even opening my eyes to my pain and emotions is difficult for me because I have never faced them before. I hope I will be able to use these realizations to make myself better and stronger with the help of these chats and my therapist."
175985733,"Hope your pdoc appointment goes well and the trilafon increase helps! It's the best AP I've ever been on, I'm more stable now than I've ever been"
175985734,"It's okay, I understand. yeah I've gone without many times but the last time I wouldn't ask for help for like a week and a half because I was too ashamed and I ended up in the ER with chest pain and severe dehydration/electrolyte problems and on IV fluids from not eating. I know it's pretty stupid to have let it go on that far but I did and I wasn't aware that there were food pantries then. The one I usually use is closed this month so I'm kind of screwed till January"
175985735,"Thank you _NAME_, I will look into that book and yes I try to stay calm because I really don’t want my daughter to see me anxious, I try because I really want to overcome this anxiety once again...I mean I have done it before"
175985736,Thanks! I'll check it out and add it to my list of games to get
175985737,"Hello, I’m new to the forum and in need of support. Sixteen months ago I had a hysterectomy that left me with severe anxiety and depression. I was put on Zoloft shortly after and began my healing journey. Throughout this time, I’ve continued to eat and exercise as I always have. The past fifteen years I’ve been able to maintain a healthy weight even through six pregnancies. After about eight months on the Zoloft I started gaining weight, and I continue to gain even though nothing else has changed in my lifestyle. If anything, I’m probably eating healthier now then I was before my surgery! I’ve also stoped drinking. I’ve begun the weaning process as the weight gain has caused me to start feeling depressed again. I’ve had such great success on Zoloft but can’t continue down this path with my weight. My withdrawal symptoms have been pretty bad and I’m losing hope that I can get off this medication. I’m left wondering do I have to choose between my weight and being happy? Does anyon
e out there have success stories of getting off Zoloft and losing weight once you’re done with the medication? Thank you for listening!Post Edited (_PERSON_) : 5/18/2020 6:56:28 PM (GMT-6)"
175985738,I see...here Obamacare runs about 600 a month for the top plan...which is roughly like an AP so it’s worthwhile to have....just in case something else comes up.
175985739,"I’m ok. Other than feeling physically kinda crummy. (Stomach hurts) but it could be from both ice cream and not eating for like awhile, but I was asleep til like 3pm. I feel fine. _PERSON_ was upset this morning. But when I woke up he said he just doesn’t want me to use money that was supposed to be his without permission. I wasn’t trying to hide anything. I bought him breakfast. But I get it. And I’ve never done that before in my life. My whole life growing up my dad had money laying around. Never once did I take it or steal it. I guess it’s just a sign of how bad off we are doing financially. Sucks but I’ll never do that again."
175985740,I've had pains everywhere but not in the ear canal...at least I don't remember that. I've read some on TI and did not know this kind of stuff until a few years into it.
175985741,"It could very well be hormones due to where you are in your cycle. Hopefully once you start you will feel better. I always did. Mine was pretty much like clockwork as I used birth control for many years. Always anxious and moody right before I started. I am over a month into the Lexapro. I am still feeling pretty good. I don't want to have to increase this medication so I feel good to continue with positive results. I would give it a few more days and if you don't feel better, let the doc know. But I am glad you are taking consideration that there are other reasons for the anxiety. I hope it goes away. Hugs, _NAME_... _NAME_, Good luck with the Zoloft."
175985742,"I really want to get a cat too. The problem is, I live with my parents and my mom is allergic to cats."
175985743,Hey I’m awake
175985744,"Seeing your pencil dress in drawing gives me a little motivation to start back up, as I use pencil."
175985745,I hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175985746,"Skipped the Seroquel last night. I heard my mom saying to my sister this morning that she got tested and was fine. But she was talking about her heart not getting worse. So I asked my sister is the lump on my moms breast not breast cancer? My sister said my mom still doesn't know yet. What disappointment. God told me that I didn't praise him enough so he has to scare me again with not knowing. Those are the types of conversations I have with God. He wants to kill me, my mom or my dad and he wants me to choose who first. And I'm not choosing. It was much easier when I was an atheist. I still kind of am. I want to say ""God isn't real"". But I saw him on psychedelics. Faith is so stupid. Why can't there be proof? I suppose that's the same reason we don't know what happens after death. Psychedelics just give us hints and the government doesn't want us to know fully."
175985747,"You've got to train your mind to think of other things. You will know shortly after the 25th if there is anything wrong. And stressing over it only makes things worse. Do you know how to meditate or do any breathing exercises? Focusing on your breathing takes your mind off of other things. Mindfulness is key. I think you are going to be okay. Keep hanging in there and use the tools in your toolbox. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175985748,awesome!
175985749,"It won’t magically fall off you have to diet, probably more stringently than ever. I do best with vegetarian eating but ymmv. The thing is some APs have been shown to change the microflora of the gut which can make you fatter even when eating the same calories as someone thin."
175985750,I think I’m growing lmao
175985751,That's really pretty SP! Have you ever tried painting a wolf? I want to try drawing one. Animals are great ?
175985752,"Hey everyone. Hope everyone is fine. I am currently quarantined (the whole country is now). It's kinda hard, but I think I enjoy certain aspects of it. I mean I am not going to be apologetic about the aspects of quarantine that I enjoy. I honestly like reading the amount I have been lately. I am not negating negative experiences that others have by saying that I enjoy certain aspects of quarantine. Of course, this is a pandemic, and many people have died. In no way am I trying to negate that. But I'm just saying, for me, there are positive things to focus on."
175985753,I wouldn't know where to start
175985754,"Hi Welcome to the forum, I am pleased that the medications have helped your husband but he has fallen into the common problem with Benzodiazepines which is abuse and addiction. I can relate as I have been in that position a couple of times and have recently discontinued Valiam which was tough. Benzodiazepines work extremely well at treating the symptoms of anxiety the problem is your body gets used to the medication and your body requires more of the medication for the same effect hence the addiction issue with these class of meds. All Benzodiazepines are hard to stop so I don’t think there is a medication your husband can try which would make discontinuing easier. I do think that it would be a good idea for your husband to discontinue the Xanax but he needs to speak with his psychiatrist regarding this. It will be tough going and will take a long time but IMO will be worth it. There are other options to Benzodiazepines for the treatment of anxiety such as the SSRI’s class of Antidepressants wh
ich help anxiety but don’t have the same addiction problems and you can take these long term. Also look into doing some talking therapy such as CBT as these types of therapy have been proven to be more effective than medications. Have a look at our resources section for some good links to self help on the we. Keep us posted Hibee"
175985755,"That's how my cold started, with a sore throat. That went away and then I got stuffed sinuses and after that the chest congestion settled in with the cough. Weird how each symptom came and went, although I still have the cough and congestion. It's just a cold though. They've been testing me everyday for over a week."
175985756,FHA is a 3 percent down payment. You gotta have at least 620 credit score and gotta be in the lower income bracket of the city/area house is in.
175985757,Beautiful Pictures _AT_MENTION_ psychotic Thank you for sharing them with us. It brightens my day. I especially love the pink ones in the top right corner. Pink is my favorite color along with black and grey.
175985758,"That happens to me when I was dissociating. It's the most horrible feeling. Need supportive people around you. Everyone accepts me because they're all crazy and especially my moms friend with bipolar and probably BPD. She's the life of everything but once she has two drinks, she's saying ""Woooo omg the cats I love them I love everyone... Everyone hates me I hate all of you! No I love you guys"" then starts crying and then laughing.. My mom takes care of me in psychosis and takes my drugs away =P"
175985759,For me the whole HES thing seems driven by status not practicality.....and then you just end up with a general degree. Personally I think you’re mkaing the right choice.
175985760,Morning I'm not obligated to answer anyone's questions either. Periodt. The end.
175985761,I have non-cancerous bone tumors that grow in my mouth and jaw. I've had some removed but it is an exercise in futility as they just grow back. Today they are especially painful. I probably should see an oral surgeon again but I know it is pointless.
175985762,So should you! Lmao! I can’t. _NAME_ go on my switch.
175985763,"Possibly, it could also be because I started an increased dose of Zoloft today. I was just thinking of coloring too or playing animal crossing, thanks"
175985764,I have an appointment with my pdoc tomorrow at 2:10. Gonna see what he can do to help me stay awake.
175985765,Hope I can get some sleep tonight
175985766,Could it possibly be a miscarriage
175985767,The book of _NAME_. One chapter a day until Christmas.
174382538,"No, but I have all the negative symptoms."
175985768,Read 27 books so far this year
175985769,Making herb roasted potatoes
175985770,"_AT_MENTION_ if you don't need the money, I think focusing on writing and school is a good idea."
175985771,My anxiety is non existent today for the first time in a long time. I felt like I was in a constant state of panic for weeks
175985772,True friends will understand if you’re having an off night.....
175985773,"Thanks _NAME_ for your experience going through this. The good news is that we have been doing really well under isolation. I have been much stricter and more present and both kids are adjusting and behaving better. I do think lamictal is helping. I think that I had unfounded negative associations with lamictal. I wonder if my liver enzyme issues were from taking supplemental lithium orotate, and maybe some of my thyroid issues (thyroid stuff is a side effect ?). To answer you question, my husband is around more these days! His work, before covid, involved many evening events. Mostly I just feel... stronger to endure my kids’ discomfort when I punish them. My sleep used to be interrupted more because the little one would still wake me through the night. That put me at about 7+ years of 3-6 interruptions a night. Lately I’ve been able to actually sleep. In general though I would call it chronic fatigue from the other health issues that _NAME_ me to this forum. I am feeling better though! I jogge
d 2 miles twice this week, and was neither sore nor inexplicably fatigued. Because of the cyclic nature of my feelings, yeah, I wonder about the other shoe dropping. Best I can do is hang in there and keep it up. _NAME_ and _NAME_, thank you for your support. HTreturns, I suspect you have jumped in without reading the last paragraph of the initial post, but yes, “just be different” is certainly familiar advice and would be delightful to implement, perhaps for everyone here."
175985774,"There's a shipping ban on all vape supplies now, try going to a brick and mortar vape store for supplies or try diy vape juice. I think you'd be very good at mixing up your own flavors."
175985775,"My papaya tree has mature fruits already, but the tree grew up really high before it started producing fruits. I don’t know how to take them"
175985776,"Having a tuna sandwich, purple grapes, and peach cobbler for lunch."
175985777,I've always wanted to write a fanfic but never found the motivation to do it
175985778,_PERSON_
175985779,"How should I react to this situation: My roommate asks if she can have a doggy cam. I say, of course as long as it can't get audio. Years later, and I find out she had the thing in her room, pointed at the living room, and IT DOES HAVE 2 way audio. How should I react to this? I already sent her a text stating that. She said it's pointed at her bed, but that's only because she moved it 6 months ago. FOr over a year it was pointed at the living room."
175985780,Bulbous also tapered
175985781,"First of all, thank you, everyone, for being here. This is a wonderful thread. Today has been a better day for me. I didn't do the more important things I had planned on doing, but I did accomplish quite a bit on a smaller scale. I decided to praise myself for those things, which relieved me of that disappointment in myself."
175985782,"I hope that the Latuda stops interfering with your sleep. Keep us posted on how it works for you. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
174382557,"Research “mbti cognitive functions” and you will not be disappointed, speaking of mathematical equations."
175985783,I’m on a 31 day streak with Duolingo Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985784,Sorry. I am seeing yellow tracers.
175985785,I'm so sorry SP
174382570,The doc wants be to add gradually 25mgs for 4 days and then add another 25mgs. We're seeing what 100mg in the morning and and 550 at night with a total 650mg a day of clozapine
175985786,Doc put me on an antidepressant... trintellix... apparently new... low dosage but hopefully it’ll help the depression.
175985787,"You're a GOOD person, _PERSON_. That's apparent by reading your posts. Even if you weren't making masks, you'd still be a good person. Thank both you & your wife for the hardwork & sincere efforts, to help strangers. May God bless you both. I am sorry Black _NAME_, but we aren't allowed to discuss religion or post scriptures. So I had to _USER_ID_ your post. Sincerely...Post Edited By Moderator (getting by) : 4/4/2020 10:30:12 AM (GMT-6)"
175985788,"I've written exams before while majorly depressed, but I don't think I've done one while hypo or manic. WIsh me luck! I got an hour to get my **** together."
175985789,Yeah I mean the six month thing is for people with first episode Psychosis technically....they really don’t want you off once you’re diagnosed but some people do come off later but only once stable for extended periods.
175985790,"Man had to register for summer and fall classes....just barely got into summer class, got the last spot!"
175985791,Can totally relate to you but my own situation is both my mom and dad. I totally understand how you feel
175985792,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175985793,"Yes, I've had many years of success. I'm on a maintenance dose of 50 mg. There won't be much to notice, really, except you will just feel better about things."
175985794,"First off, if we were referring to me, weirdness should never end - nor should creepiness! will I regret saying that... Second of all, if the weirdness ended there, it would have felt too sexualized for my prim and proper personal posting style on psychforums (if that makes sense given all my more silly-pervy posts). ^ That's why I topped it off with that delightful ""soundtrack of my life"" if I was a man post Unless we're referring to my chloroform dating advice I've lost the ability to read novels years ago. I can read papers if necessary and textbook chapters in small pieces but not novels. Not sure why I write essays so often either. I dont know who ""Click"" is, but I enjoy your pet stories the most."
175985795,"Hi, I had general anesthesia a few times and it has been just fine. Basically, one they put it in the IV you just doze off very quick. The next thing you will remember is when they are waking you up. You do not have any memory of that time you were out or any pain. Just dizziness but it goes away. I heard some people get a little sick after with vomit and nausea but I have never experience that. Best of luck!"
175985796,a matcha latte
175985797,The comedian _NAME_ compared sex to the first time a person eats melted cheese. Says sex is that good.
175985798,"Hi, welcome back"
175985799,"Hehe, yeah I cannot drink anymore. I did the other night and it always just makes me feel bad. I guess it's whatever reaction I have to it. Just doesn't feel good not to be sober for me."
175985800,I'm hoping the weather cools off soon. There's nice picnic benches around my apartment complex and I'd like to start sitting there with a coffee and reading
175985801,"I know exactly what you are going through. I have been depressed for 20 plus years and people think you can just pop right out of it but that is not the case, especially if you have been battling with it for so long. Also, if you do not have the right support. I feel so all alone and I'm at the point that I am upset that GOD woke me up again to suffer another day."
175985802,Can you ask your psychiatrist to see you sooner? Perhaps s/he can change the dosage of something to help stabilize you? You seem highly self-aware and so willing to try things. But maybe you need more help than you're getting. So sorry you are waging this battle on your own. Keep letting us know how you are doing.
175985803,Hey guys I need some help. Lately when taking my nightly dose of Haldol (I take it all at night) I get super super anxious and am unable to sleep at all. I'm only able to sleep on nights where I don't take the meds. Any idea why this might be?
175985804,"My favourite song of hers is ""Oh No!"" lmao"
175985805,My late night fellow benzo friend!
175985806,I need this place Thank you.
175985807,I’m depressed and seen I got a letter from the irs coming today
174382578,took my nightly clozaril. having a weird day
175985808,It is what it is. However been active with support worker and with support provider...it can get intense there. Memory getting worse. S.i here and there. Fish tank ready for fish. Laptop almost done...i received from a charity. HT
175985809,Hi guys. Had T yesterday. Talked a lot about hallucinations and trauma. I dissociated a lot during the session. It was good though I guess. She listened. She received it. She held it. Now if I can release it.
175985810,"You kinda disappointed me, going on the trip you were dreading. I did that once with a social occasion. I truly did not want to go, for I was a nervous wreck. But I also thought, I haven't gone anywhere in a long time, maybe this will do be good, get me out of my doldrums. It was one of the worst experiences of my life. It was really bad. I shouldn't have gone. Again, I was on the wrong medicine, an anti-depressant but no stabilizer like lithium, which I'm on now for bipolar. So on the wrong medicine, I was a wreck. It's good to know what your diagnosis is, ""Major Depression with Panic Disorder."" It's good that you have a psychiatrist ""but I've been a bit wishy washy about what the actual problem is."" What do you think the actual problem is? You say, ""I am not on any med consistently. I was taking Klonapin....and i have Ativan...thats it!"" Sounds like all you take is Ativan tranquilizer, for you said earlier, I take a pill. But that's only for a few hours of help. Don't you need an overall me
dicine for the long term? How did you do on Klonopin, which net says is for seizures and ""also used to treat panic disorder (including agoraphobia) in adults."" You said, ""I am not on any med consistently."" Why is that? You said, ""My family just kept saying go..youre not working....but im in quite bad shape. I hope I make it...."" I've been pressured, also, when I'm in a shakey state of mind. I think you really need to use this tough situation to try to determine what your condition is and get on the right medicine for that. What do you think your diagnosis is?"
175985811,That’s gotta be tough....
174382583,Maybe I'll just see about getting on the abilify injection so I don't have to worry about taking meds. I think maybe that would be best. It will take a long time to taper off everything though and get onto that. But I want to do that.
175985812,Who prescribed that? I thought you were looking for a new pdoc?
175985813,Thanks bb for the vote!!! Appreciate so much!
175985814,I am doing pretty well today. I taught a class earlier online. And I have to work later.
175985815,Awesome! It's not easy when you feel like curling up and trying to shut out the world. You are going above and beyond. Well done and keep up the great work. We are here cheering you on...and always listening. S.C.
175985816,Not doing much today. Nothing on TV. I'm off of work but I'm stressed about work. Skyped with the owner for a bit today. Can't stop feeling stressed. Not sure if I'm going to SH or not. _PERSON_. 2020 is starting out great. (Sarcasm) hugs _PERSON_
175985817,I am doing fine today. Kind of depressed. But oh well. It'll go away soon.
174382593,"Did you tell your pdoc about that? Abilify made me too physically tense and restless. Come to think of it, I might have had more anxiety when I was taking it. You shouldn't have to suffer with heightened anxiety and panic."
175985818,Yes I did and I washed my hair.
175985819,So good to hear!
175985820,Took a nap earlier. Man it feels so good to be happy
175985821,"They fix them for free if they're within the 2 year warranty. I got my switch on launch in 2017. I could probably fix it myself if I really wanted to, but I haven't run into the problem yet. I just think Nintendo should focus on devising a different design for the thumbsticks because I am betting the new joycons will have the same problem. The new switch uses the same old joycons, so the joycons have not been updated. It sucks"
175985822,I'm so sorry SP.. (hugs)
175985823,"I love kitty. Does that count? I think it does. With love also comes responsibility and obligation. Both emotional and otherwise. We know what we want. A lot of the time, we know what we need. Love is not some exotic dish, it's not something you try. Either it happens or it doesn't, and if one should enter into it just to try it out or see what happens without taking into account that there is another person (who is likely to be more emotionally driven) then it would be like walking on eggshells. Is that what society/philosophers mean? I doubt it."
175985824,"I’m reading along, my odd quiet isn’t because I’m dying (because why else would I shut up eh lol) ... I find myself rather preoccupied so I’m not able to post as often. I’m still checking in, however."
175985825,Then you’re off the hook....I just don’t want you to be liable when the flooding most likely starts. If you see any wet wall or other signs of leaks notify them again just to be sure.
175985826,"I used to have a difficult time making a decision much of the time because I feared making a mistake. But now, I'm not as afraid to make a mistake because I realize that it's okay for me to make mistakes in life, just as long as I don't keep making the same mistakes over and over."
175985827,Funny rhat. The very day covid was announced...bam the movie outbreak came pn the box. Expletive sensationalist fear mungering media. Regular influenza kills more in my neck of the woods...beart disease...suicide road deaths stroke etc. It's a bloody flu. At risk are the elderly and those with a compromised immunity. I mean i am more concerned with maniacal dictators with itchy fingers ready to light up the sky. Enough said. HT
175985828,Hi Sorry to hear you have been dealing with anxiety and depression it sucks docent it. Prozac is also a very strong Antidepressant as well and usually takes 6-8 weeks to kick in so stick with it for a few more days. You are on the lowest dose so you've got the choice to increase if required. I am currently taking Prozac and take 60mg and have found it to be very effective so I hope it works well for you. Keep us posted. Hibee
175985829,"Thanks Desoxyn, I appreciate that"
175985830,Best not to say anything. That’s along the lines of am I fat or not.
175985831,"Hi _NAME_ thanks for the reply . im not going through hell to be honest (day 10)... ive quit heavy use of benzo's before now, cold turkey, didnt sleep a wink for 6 days, anxiety through the roof, that was worse than what ive experienced up to now, and i got through that. time healed me and i believe it'll be the same this time, i just need time, let the withdrawal happen and fade away as my body adjusts. apart from the symptoms mentioned i feel ok. if i get my delusions back i'll be straight back on the meds or if the withdrawal symptoms get too much i'll restart the risperidone and taper the dose this time."
175985832,"Hello Pennynickel6, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about support groups in Florida. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: Support Groups in Florida Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with GAD. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue re
aching out! -TeamInspire"
175985833,"I just remembered (I forgot, yet AGAIN), it’s the weekend. I always feel this way on the weekend. _PERSON_ is here so idk why i do. But my answer is still the same. I don’t get emails or calls on the weekends. Which means my future comes to a standstill."
175985834,Lol yeah I'm always using humour.. It comforts me XD
175985835,"Hi _NAME_, how is that amino acid working for you? I heard of it from my therapist before and I was actually going to start taking it but since my anxiety escalated so fast, decided to take medication first."
175985836,I agree 100% with Jellyfish. I have OCD and a few of the things I uncontrollably thought of was (A) While driving over a steep hill I’d wonder what if I just veer to the right a bit? What would it feel like? (B) What happens if I accidentally hurt my children? Not that I’d actually want to do either one of course but the thoughts were continuous and demanding. What helped not break the obsession but calmed it way down was being put on a med and lotsa prayer. I hope you’ll find peace and relief! Take care! _NAME_
175985837,"Took a short walk. It's super hot out. I was gonna walk for longer but I don't think I could have handled it today with the heat. Maybe I could have, Idk. I didn't have my backpack on and I feel naked without it, it's like a security blanket along with my purse. lol At least I got out and walked. The more I do it the easier it will get. I'll take a longer walk tomorrow"
175985838,"If anyone knows that song _NAME_ from Plain White T’s, a female singer sang _NAME_’s version for that guy. It’s a sad ending ? ""Hey it's _NAME_"" (Girls Version of ""Hey There _NAME_"") - YouTube"
175985839,A little bit. You notice it more out here in the country area.
175985840,My self esteem has never been this low I don't know why
175985841,"I double-checked my omega, and my Dr _NAME_ triple strength is 800mgs EPA and 600 DHA for 2 tablets, and NOT each tablet. So newt's Nordic Natural's are better than Dr _NAME_ triple strength."
175985842,"Psychiatrist appointment today.... I'm really paranoid about the FBI stealing my thoughts, and I'm hearing voices again. I made a list of every antipsychotic I've been on"
175985843,"HT, I wasn't saying that all people who talk way too much have bipolar disorder. I was just talking about the ones who do talk too much when they are in a manic phase. I just wanted to clear that up."
175985844,Hopefully you still have time to update us....the change you’ve gone through in the last year has been inspiring....
175985845,Thanks!!!!!
175985846,I'm so sorry erti
175985847,"I have duolingo but only used it for a few days. I should get back on it, either French or Japanese as I used to learn them. Good luck with the rest of things"
174382635,"DO NOT LET YOUR DAUGHTER TAKE VRAYLER!! After being on it for a month the medication actually made me worse than before! It was horrible! I am still coming out of it as it is not all out of my system, but this is the first day in weeks that I have been able to “resurface” out of the state it put me in. Horrible horrible drug!"
175985848,Showered Bought some healthy food at the grocery store Drank some water Put on aromatherapy lotion
175985849,"Nope, and I don't think they have the patch here either. I used the gum one year in Chicago for a few days. It didn't really work for me. To stop me from smoking. Nothing worked except vaping. I hate that I missed the whole spring here. When are they going to open here already."
175985850,I’m glad that he’s physical better now. And yeah I’m just too scared of getting Covid there guys. I’ll wait a day or two if I’m not getting better I will go. Thanks for the inputs
175985851,I'm sorry your having a hard time. Its hard to do anything right now. Thats why I just joined this so I could talk to other people. Join groups support groups chats. What are your hobbies? Since Covid i got into online shopping and purses. There are fb groups that share same interests and u meet ppl form friendships. Not sure whats open in ur area church? Library? Find something find a new hobby. Reading? Exercise walking?? Im dealing with a lot right now and am struggling...maybe we can chat and help eachother
175985852,Now I’m exhausted but it’s already after 3:30am. God I’m stupid.
175985853,"Yeah I wanted to watch netflix but the seroquel, I. Shut. Down. , down down down down down down, dooooowwwnnn.."
175985854,"My voices usually hone in on my meds . Like they dont let me take them. Sometimes I fall into the trap of believing them . Truth is, they want me to be ill and stuck w them They are liars My therapist agreed I should get a tattoo ... ""They lie"""
175985855,I love discord I use it to talk to psychonauts and crypto/stock market investors =]
175985856,You are really good with goals I don’t even remember what I resolved or if I resolved anything at all.
175985857,That looks too normal let me find the one I have. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175985858,Just walked 2 the gas station across the highway at 4am cuz I realized my car has a flat tire Guess I'll b walking to work as well Just what I need . Its honestly laughable at this point .
175985859,"Mystery package is still not here. I guess since it’s ships through a certain company and this is a small town, they don’t have a office here."
175985860,Nice gentle rain here...so peaceful
175985861,I think I am getting what you re saying ...I mean things that have happened to me make me more scare of the same situations again. For example I am kinda of feeling better about the covid situation and then I hear there is going to be another lockdown and I start very anxious. I mean look at what that situation has brought us already you know.
175985862,Good to hear from you Park Sorry to hear of your sister’s troubles Wishing her healing How are the kids?
174382662,I have groceries coming. I will think of some recipes.
175985864,"Thanks for sharing, I have mental health challenges also and I’m trying to get back into school."
175985865,"Right now, I’m working on the following song and musical pieces on my digital, Yamaha piano: The Sound of Silence, by _NAME_. Largo, by _PERSON_. Tocatta in D Minor, by _PERSON_. My teacher told me today that I’ve made a lot of improvements and encouraged me to keep it up. I really soaked that up because his complements are rare indeed. I told my teacher today that I was thinking about buying another acoustic piano. He approved of that. ( I got rid of my old, beat up piano.)"
175985866,I pulled a muscle
175985868,"So, they just made me drink a huge cup of milk of magnesia. This is in the midst of having stomach flu. I feel so sick."
175985869,"IQ tests aren't all they are cut out to be. Some of the most creative, caring people I know didn't do well on them. And it could have been your mood, attention, if you were rushed. Maybe that particular test, you just weren't feeling it. Or maybe, those tests are just stupid to begin with because they are. A sociopath could score perfect on it, i mean, they don't score things that truly matter, like being a good person, creative ability, emotional intelligence. I forgot a lot of the basic math and logic I learned the day after I learned it lol"
175985870,And my old therapist hasn't responded to me yet. That is making me stressed. What if she just doesn't give a crap anymore.
175985871,"I need a vape really bad. I do have the last disposable, but I'm afraid of using it up when they say we're quarantined for another 15 days. I hate this."
175985872,"I also have had experiences like that. Where I've thought I was just a cog in a wheel or an automaton. It sucked being like that, honestly. I don't know if your experience is similar. I just know that there are things out there that help with that kind of thing, at least for me. Sometimes I like to do reality-testing, sometimes running it by someone else can help, like a therapist or psychiatrist. Meds help me a lot, though. Specifically, antipsychotic medications. Also, I don't know how a brain is supposed to work, but it's an open question as to whether my brain works properly or not. Ha. I think my brain works well, but in its own way. But that's another story."
175985873,Some people with adhd have Hyperfocus for stuff they really like.....I wonder if medication is that thing for you?
175985874,"Nope, not today. Maybe tonight or for sure tomorrow."
175985875,I've worn the same perfume for years also. I like a little musk in mine. Too sweet and it's sickening.
175985876,But I also feel depressed.
175985877,"Not yet. Just a little headache-y, from the startup, I presume. I am hoping a lower dose works for me this time around. I'm so glad it's helping you already. I bet pairing it with the Pristiq did help that a bit. I'm thinking about contacting the therapist I used to see as well."
175985878,"Thanks solemnlysworn, nice point of view. I agree that being external staff is quite a nice feeling of freedom Thanks _PERSON_. In my eyes your post is highly related to the topic. Reminds me on an aspect in my last manager role I wasn't aware of. I was highly obsessed to be successful (and success we had), but the majority of the team was lazy. No killer instinct at all, just ""I come to office, chat a bit, care most about which floor has the best cappuchino machine ..."". And maybe my obsession for fighting for the success kille me in the end. (Management started to hate me, either because I was successful by doing things differently, this put them in a bad light. Or because I was fighting too strong, smashed too much porcellain, too edgy ...). Now the whole team (that I left) is full of lazy people, traction went below zero, I wonder if they will ever hit break even without me as the motor. Sad to see. It felt a bit helpless for me to see tasks being done far below what I think the markets would 
expect, without the possibility to change it (you usually can't change the team and also can't do everything on your own - so I had to accept compromise between my market quality-demand hypothesis and the capabilities of the lazy folks.) Off topic: I begin having a hypothesis that schizoids might be like on endogene Ritalin from birth (highly concentrated, obsessed, under a glass bowl ...). By the way, as a teenager I accidentially found out that micro-doses of Scopolamine (Datura, like in your forum ID) is a powerul anxiousness-reliever. I wonder if I should write a scientist about it, it might be able to help people. Thanks all of you for sharing. I hear that we're pretty much result driven. And less human relation driven. Like NPD managers would be maybe (all I know were terrible deciders, complete loosers a to z, but C-Level-management loved theese guys. Can't understand it ... so much waste ... But there must be a reason NPDs are chosen for this positions. Competition is fierce, that cannot be a mistake, 
NPDs must have some relevant benefit - despite being terrible deciders)."
175985879,"I set out to have a good day today and I almost made it. (Dealing with some anxiety now.) I've been productive--doing laundry, practicing my drawing, journaling, DB. Right now we are having a big thunderstorm and I love this kind of weather--as long as I'm indoors. I feel cozy. So, it's mostly been a good day. It's dinnertime now and I'm really not hungry. Been doing keto which gets rid of your appetite. I've planned a dinner but I may not have it. Everyone doing keto says don't eat if your not hungry. I hope everyone here had a good day today and if they didn't then hope you feel better later on. _PERSON_"
175985880,The dose should be as low as possible while still having a positive effect on symptoms.
175985881,"I haven't written anything down this week since Saturday for my therpaist... That's the first ever ?. Just a page and a half. I said I wanted to write to about the dream but I have it in my phone . It used to be 50 pages or more in one week that I would walk into my therapist sessions.. overloaded week after week. And now it's down to like 5-10, or less. Depending on the week. ? Keep going.... keep fighting..."
175985882,Peanut butter and jelly sandwich ?
175985883,The 100mg CBD knocked. Me. Out. The Vyvanse didn't wake me up until 3 hours later. I had the best 15 hour sleep ever.
175985884,"It's been a while now since I first suffered from the initial bite that left me at a loss to fully comprehend just what is it to be a genuine hearer of disembodied 'voices' to naturally have to be inclined to co-exist alongside this hostel entity, having to endure its refusal to ever be able to stop hating, it's creative natural abilities to dissected and rape any innocent naivety within its chosen hoist. It's sicky infectious corrosive darkness, it's cowardness to lay hidden just beneath the surfaces of visible sight like most well-equated predators are adept at ensuring. The well-concealed characteristic trait of being a narcissistic abuser no other known disease I've encountered owes this much to psychopathy than the experience of being a 'voice' hearer. What's of obvious concern is the unusual fact that it's the only condition of having acquired the use of modern language and applying that in a very sociopathic means in order to terrorize the hoist upon a relentless way, even when predisposed u
pon the toilet would not raise the ability of this broadcasting like symptoms to halt while in the middle of defecating it just simply proceeds like a shark hunting and moving, that's all. Once I realized the general dynamics can be studied and put into some form of context with regards to identifying actual assaults within in. After many years of thinking in terms of my own lived experience and of the experiences of others all sat around a coffee table recanting sometimes in detail stories that could reflect aspects of my own knowledge of living alongside 'voices' or its many alternative explanations from Electronic Harassment to the recent Cyber Torture description via the UN chef rapporteur upon human rights ambassador to the UN. It's uncanny likeness to the generics of cyber abusive, mobbing, online trends from happy slapping to molka. Through the use of self-talk or what's termed as subvocalizing spoon-feed the 'voices' or perpetrators of covert torture operations also known as gang stalking, cause mobbi
ng and zersetzung a term taken from the east German's psychological warfare campaign of destroying someone's psyche as the term means corrosion of the psyche. Rather than be an obvious eventual strike upon the senses it's a very subtle hidden beast, not so easy to tell amongst its various enablers you will see made up from various walks of life, though when one clearly defined shared goal, to target you within a slyly veiled psychological dowsing process which can last years, decades or even the rest of your life, like being blacklisted or white-gloved you may start to have experiences of strange events or coordinated events occurs around you, hand signals, pointing smartphones, unnerving directed conversations aid at causing destabilizations, confusion, and fear or act as a nefarious indicator as to what the network has in mind for the rest of your plans. Witch hunts have and ways relied upon the participation of the local populace to engage in its bidding. Salem has always been a hidden assailant as well as 
being a deceptive murder. Covertly hidden amongst its game-like hunt mixing pokemon go with an Instagram vigilante piss-take gone astray, will become your daily routine, being able to not to be noticed observing the intentions and gameplay will always aid you, as your opposition always bands together as an acquirer, creating toxic narratives. The accuser and head clansman ready to exile you from the mainland herd as a heretic or defective resource or just something to be mocked as it's the only use they have in mind for you. live streaming torrent blackmail torture porn meant for the exiled scapegoat to play, masons refer to this as tagging their not concerned with the success or failure as it's a game to the mysterious cult. The fetishist is the cannibalism, like revenge porn to take a harsh reprisal or broadcast an unwitting victim to point of exploitation and consumerism for humiliation, reprisal, and personnel narcissistic gratification"
175985885,"How do you guys handle posts you make on Facebook? Like sometimes I post stuff that's negative and other people comment. Like they can fix me or something. I don't know. I don't want to completely stop posting on Facebook, but on the other hand, it's kind of embarrassing to have to keep justifying everything on there."
175985886,"Thank you HT, I took my first dose yest from this new manufacturer and didn’t notice anything diff. ????? I just didn’t put much thought into it. Are you currently taking lex as well?"
175985887,"This book always cheers me up Attached Images IMG_2776.jpg (160.9 KB, 9 views)"
175985888,She has a few issues but low sodium has made her faint in the past....she’s also had seizures though so she has to be really careful.
175985889,_NAME_ Ohio nine dead.
175985890,That's really pretty! Happy birthday
175985891,ThTs good newtus. As someone who wants to teach I like to celebrate others academic success.
175985892,A _NAME_ cheese stick
175985893,Thanks drawing has been helping me a lot and I'm happy to be able to focus on it again
175985894,"Just something cool I saw online so I copied it down as a reminder in my journal Attached Images FDF76267-1869-450D-A188-8D15D310C2CD.jpg (258.2 KB, 11 views)"
175985895,Hugs SK.....
175985896,I’m ****ing pissed. At work there was a quote I was helping on as I was new and needed experience and I thought it was done as someone moved it to completed and I found out it wasn’t done and I had to quickly fix it and send it out so anyway it’s done and I don’t trust my coworkers anymore.
175985897,I'm not feeling well I think it's the sarcosine Ever since I been taking it I been irritated and yelling at my fiance. I feel anxious too.
174382688,"The first image a person usually has as a painter/drywaller is a person dirty with paint and dust all over them. Also, it's not seen as a valued job. ""everybody thinks they are a painter"" is a constant phrase I use as I see people destroy property. Also, people have jokingly made fun of my schizophrenia as ""Must have been the paint fumes,"" which infuriates me to no end."
175985898,Either just plainly feeling Possible trigger: sui or having really bad pms.
175985899,Yea I know I was just elaborating for Job. But should’ve put it for him. Soz.
175985900,My cat's vet test came back a bit high. So we have to give her more insulin than we have been giving her. It's like borderline fair but they want to recheck her next week. I'm glad she is getting some more care though because I want to do the best I can for her.
175985901,"I’m dealing with so many emotions right now. The surgery, we’re losing one of our renters because they are bankrupt, and a problem with my friend. I’ll do meditation to calm myself."
175985902,"Hey again _NAME_, I understand it would be difficult to open up about something like this, because you'd fear judgement. No judgements here! No one is better than you. Every one is different, each have our own strengths, weaknesses, good days, bad days, different emotions, thoughts, feelings, actions, and yes - different ways to cope. Every person is their own version of beautiful. Love the song People are Different by Florida _NAME_ Line. It's so true, yet nobody gets it. Ok, gotcha. Yes, while I'm kind of curious about AA, I really have my doubts. People that are struggling typically need medication, counseling, etc. It might work for some, but I'm a bit skeptical... I'm glad you can identify how it's affecting you in both positive and negative aspects. I used to be so depressed and would be thinking pretty terrible thoughts by the end of each stressful day, and like you said, one drink and poof - all that stress was GONE. not a trace left behind. It is extremely difficult to overcome an addictio
n, especially when doing it alone, and when you feel so much better when you have it. I had a bad enough scare to get me to stay off it for... a few months? haha, it didn't last long. Basically I got bloodwork done and the doctors freaked out, thought my liver had cancer or tumors or something by how unhealthy it was... had to get an ultrasound because of it! Now I have a rare drink here and there, just because I'm scared my liver will fail or I'll have to get a transplant which means bye bye alcohol for good. We're here for you, and if noone else wants to listen, I'll listen :)"
175985903,"Diagnosed with General Anxiety Disorder. What I find unusual is that when I have a good sleep my anxiety level is quite high the next day. However, when I don't sleep at night or sleep very little my anxiety is very low the next day. Seems to be the opposite of what should happen. Anyone else experience this?"
175985904,"I think 2021 will be a great year for me. Working on recovery from my eating disorder, my year long Bible study program, hopefully starting classes again with my college in the fall, continuing to work on my anxiety and panic, working on being healthier over all, practicing ukulele often and learning as much as I can. It's going to be awesome."
175985905,How are you doing now bluebird? I know you had a rough day....
175985906,Omg... Again with this dude throwing his hands into the fan cuz the VR. It was hard this time and I said “what happened?!” He was quiet. Said he was doing something stupid with his gun in Vr. Throwing it up in the air. I said...”my VR over here getting beat up...you gonna make me so mad one day”.
175985907,"I'm sure you are shaken up. I know it can be unsettling when one of your parents are ill. It sounds like your dad made sure you were okay. Try and take some deep breaths, hold them for 3 seconds, and slowly let them out. Do this five times. This is helpful sometimes. Next you can try this, close your eyes and think of...last Christmas. Try thinking of who you saw, what you ate, what presents you got. When you do this lay on your bed so you can be comfortable. I hope this helps you, _NAME_"
175985908,It's from Bath and Body Works. It's a body spray actually. It's the Japanese _NAME_ Blossom scent. I love that scent.
175985909,"Yeah, I thought Oblivion had better quests too. I never played the expansions on it, though. Maybe I should get them and replay the game. I haven't touched it since like 2010 or 2011, so it's been a while. My fondest memories from Oblivion came from the times I went on a killing rampage in a random town/village/city. Basically, walk around... kill a random stranger... kill a few more... then run around and start killing everyone. They all come after you and try to kill you. Great fun. lol. (Unless that was Dragon Age I'm thinking of?)"
175985910,"I just took half a dose of klonopin. My dose is to take up to 2 0.5mg tablets a day. So I took half one, 0.25mg. Hopefully that helps. I think I’m doing pretty well considering I went 10 days without taking one and my panic attacks were still occurring."
175985911,"I'm so tired. Only got a couple hours of sleep last night. Tried to take a nap but one of my cats kept waking me up. Can't wait for bed tonight. Went out 3 times today. Going to tune my ukulele, I've been watching YouTube videos of ukulele players and there's some really cool stuff. Never realized how awesome this instrument is"
175985912,Glad it went so well Erti!
175985913,Hope you feel better Blue_Bird. Have you had enought to eat/drink?
175985914,"Yup just took one, and put on fresh clean clothes just out of the dryer"
175985915,Ya I think the lexapro can work after awhile. I think I can try other things for anxiety until the medication works ya. Thanks. That's cool that you have medication to help you with anxiety. Ya I am trying to stay positive about things though it is sometimes hard though. I am trying ya. I think by thinking positive it should help. It probably feels good to be able to help yourself with problems ya. I am trying to eat less carbs since it isn't good for the gerd condition. It is kind of hard since I like to eat carbs though. Do you think by eating a lot of carb kind of foods I can get diabetes one day though. I have some anxiety about that. Ya I can try some apples with yougurt. I think it would feel good for me to eat things that help me with the gerd condition.
175985916,"What is ""breadcrumbing""? (Glossary of Narcissistic Relationships) - YouTube"
174382728,I'm trying to improve bad cognition from negative symptoms of schizophrenia and cognitive fatigue from antipsychotics. I'm looking at nootropics
175985917,I take one every night.
175985918,I'm so psychologically confused
175985919,Pokémon Center(.com) has some really cool plushies and eevee tshirts and lounge pants!
175985920,"Thanks for all your suggestions. I have tried melatonin. Sometimes it works, but other times it doesn't. I went to my GP and he prescribed paxil in the day and lexotan in the night. It has helped so far. Thank God"
175985921,Man I have to be home like 10 hours a day when fiance goes to work. It's tough! I'm not minimizing your situation. I'm saying I know how it feels!
175985922,"I’ve gotta get off this Thorazine. I’m so tired constantly, dry mouth, and pouring sweat just from walking 15 or so minutes"
175985923,"Sometimes Yes, but not intentionally Yes Sometimes Sometimes Everybody does this. I'm on the other side of this one. Not that kind of denial Have done Sometimes Sometimes Yes (but the inverted is also true) Not that kind of escaping Sometimes No, but books are heading that way Yes Yes It's more purposeful than that From outside perspectives: sometimes; from my own: no, but I prioritise principle over emotional consequence Yes and No No No Sometimes Not in my head The opposite is more interesting, but has nothing to do with ""needs and concerns of others"" Sometimes Everybody does this. Grade 12 music teacher (who was new) was amazed to find I couldn't play some simple beginner notation, when the previous year I got the only perfect score in the north of the state. No Yes"
175985924,I don't want to live anymore.
175985925,"It's really hard to tell if my moms friend with bipolar also has bpd. She was talking about a man that loves her in a long distance relationship and I said ""Until you actually meet this person, those feelings you have for him and that he has for you aren't real"" because she hasn't met him in 25 years. I get paranoid that she's mad at me and didn't want me to walk her home because of that. I went to walk her home because she was drunk and lives 2 minutes away but she says ""I can walk myself home"" so I let her go after arguing about 10 times. I previously walked another of my moms drunk friends home but she's just a normal drunk. I got paranoid that she wanted me to walk her home anyways because she's not safe on her own and that she wants me to prove to her that I care about her (Because she has low self esteem) and if something happens to her, that it's my fault. I let her walk home and then immediately she starts talking to a random person from across the street and asks him if his name is ""_
NAME_"" (The name she has been calling me like 10 times last night because that's one of her friends). I get paranoid that she's doing that on purpose and is trying to manipulate me to make me walk up to her and walk her home. I texted her to text me when she got home and she did. I seem crazy when I think people are trying to manipulate me but idk if she's just not all there when she's drunk and probably doesn't even remember what happened so w/e. It's annoying. I don't trust her because she judges everyone and herself."
175985926,That's interesting. My sword is coming on release day. Tomorrow. With Amazon's prime shipping.
174382712,"I believe that the psychiatrist that diagnosed me with schizophrenia is possibly evil and wasn't trying to help me but he hated me and acted nice. I took 5mg olanzepine cuz I'm getting alarming thoughts. Just the pill in my hand is the universe. I'm actually sick of this ******** reality. My cat is a thing. I have zero free will right now and when I don't, no one does. Reality is just a play watched by no one. No one witnesses it. It's truly what comes from nothing."
175985927,"Hey _PERSON_, If boarding isn't possible...how about going to a community center or public park (not a dog park, just a regular city park) where you could keep your dog on leash for an extended period of time...allowing him to do his business... ...and where you could likely even bring him into the public restroom with you while you use the facilities. Or, what about going to a big pet store chain such as Petco. You may be able to bring him into the restrooms there...or surely an employee would be able to keep him for a minute while you go. Hopefully one of these ideas works for you and lessens your stress about the situation. S.C."
175985928,"Hello 2princessbubblegummie, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about coping with anxiety in college in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Coping With Anxiety in College We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175985929,"What I mean is, he doesn’t go on Facebook and say “look at what I just did!”. So many people do. Like when helping the needy or the environment. I’m actually probably the only person he told about that stuff, but it was cuz I asked."
175985930,I am going to have a nightmare level of homework tomorrow.....
175985931,Oatmeal w/ fresh blueberries and a piece of breakfast sausage
175985932,Am safely in hospital
175985933,"Newtus, have you ever just sat the fiance down and told him what you just said to us, just like that?"
175985934,"Yeah, the water fasts aren't helpful. Just focus on eating healthy, you need food for energy"
175985935,"I may have to stop drinking coffee. It makes me anxious and nauseous from the caffeine. Sucks. I’m back to being overly tired. Even when I was working, the 3mg VRAYLAR made me so sleepy I couldn’t work. Not the best time in my life to have this issue."
175985936,"Listening to music, watching television, browsing the web are all forms of meditation. Just gotta try to relax and concentrate at the same time and wham bam, you’re meditating. ???"
175985937,What was interesting is you could touch and interact with most animals. There was this small pond filled with koi and you could sit in the pond with no shoes. The girl in the picture was laughing hysterically because the fish were nibbling on her toes.
175985938,"Stay safe, _PERSON_. Sorry about _NAME_, newtus. Pretty blue this afternoon. No sleep last night. Maybe I will feel better in a little while or something."
175985939,"Yes, I do often ask myself that, and I do try to help my family/friends when they're going through stuff. I guess I just need to start opening up a bit more and try to push the negative feelings aside."
175985940,"Thanks for responding! Yes, that makes sense. And, I am prone to anxiety - I've had about a dozen or so episodes, some lasting a month, since I was in my 20s. So I figured the side effect went to my weak area. I've actually put together an ""Anxiety First Aid"" list - a list of 20 things to remember whenever I am in the throes of it to help me push through. Of course, the list pertains to me personally, but I've often thought of posting the list somewhere, sometime, in case any of it is helpful to anyone else."
175985941,"Last one reached 100 pages, so I'm starting a new one."
175985942,Not cutting all of your hair but a haircut would be nice perhaps
175985943,It might be fine if I play in my bedroom with the door closed since right next to me is the laundry room. My living room everything sounds louder cause there’s a lot of open space
175985944,Feeling irritable from cutting back on caffeine and sugar
174382758,"Hi there, I have a mother just like this. It is very hard. Set your boundaries and there are some books out there that can really help. One of my favorite ones are The Body Keeps the Score - good luck im happy to chat."
175985945,Ended up inviting my aunt and uncle and gram Gram actually turned down a much better offer to come here lol. So much food. Omg. We had 25 people...we still have about 1/2 the food leftover
175985946,Is lonerism/hermitism realistic long term?
175985947,"You can also take more aleeve if that worked for you, assuming you haven’t had any today, it tends to be long release...."
175985948,"What music thing do you use? Spotify? I have YouTube music. I'm always trying to find good songs and listen to music that I haven't heard but the playlists go round and round as if I've listened to all the music in the world - Then I get one new song that is great out of no where. I used an _USER_ID_ in my moms friends house and really liked it. It's pretty cool. I'm definitely taking a half diazepam because my mom has to go back to work because one of the coworkers was throwing up (Possibly drinking). My mom already finished her shift and was making dinner. She should NOT be working AT ALL right now with heart conditions, skin cancer, breast cancer. It makes me so upset. My mind is not efficient I think because it's running and processing so much CRAP in the background."
175985949,"I’m okay, started feeling better yesterday evening. I think just getting through Mother’s Day was hard. I was able to actually read yesterday instead of laying in bed all day in silence so that’s an improvement. How are you?"
175985950,I started taking my chamomile tea and working out and it made a difference I did not watch social media or news and did I relax last night...finally I’m feeling better
175985951,"I’ve never been able to follow the lyrics except in certain rap, and _NAME_....something about it is too complex unless they are virtually speaking or yelling."
175985952,I am feeling over sensitive today. Both to stimuli and emotionally. It makes me feel very raw. I need to listen to more Christmas music! That might help!
175985953,I grew up in a very negative and toxic house. I had a very difficult childhood/teen hood. I really appreciate you taking the time to talk about everything with me. I will clarify some buspar questions with my psychiatrist tomorrow and then work up the nerve to take it.
175985954,Steam is free. A lot of the games on there are free too. Or very low cost. And then there’s the well known games that are expensive.
175985955,"_PERSON_, I also have found that turning off the news helps me during these trying times. And coming here also helps me, although I don't come here when it's two o clock in the morning, as at that time I'm sound asleep, ha, ha."
175985956,I wish I was back in Guatemala. Thinking about that vacation makes me happy. I want to travel the world.. I want to do that for a living.
175985957,"That's good to know. I wonder if doing the same thing would help me. In taking fish oil. Because the one I take a ton of is called EPA. I don't know but one time one doctor told me that EPA was the good kind of fish oil for mood. Which is counterintuitive because I've also heard that the DHA is also good for your brain. So I think all in all, it's good to have both, but DHA is probably better, in conclusion."
175985958,_PERSON_ - Seduction
175985959,Type 3s disintegrate into point 9 on the Enneagram when they’re not feeling well/stressed out.
175985960,Hitting the gym regularly has me feeling great. Yesterday I did a bunch of leg exercises and cardio. Today I did a bunch of shoulder exercises and some cardio. Gonna be so strong and swole~~~
175985961,I havent been updating my blog at all. I just dont have time.
175985962,I also have a inner monologue. Or maybe it's a dialogue. Definitely not three voices though. That'd be too overwhelming. All I know is that consciousness is the force that can perceive these voices. Thus it comes from a higher plane. I think at least.
175985963,I guess sort of “window shopping “ online recreates a bit of the euphoria I used to feel during my ridiculous manic spending sprees
175985964,"Yes, yes I did."
175985965,"Hello and welcome! I second the wisdom above. I do understand how it is to worry about things we know are not rational, yet the anxiety still challenges us. If you feel that you could benefit from some help for Health Anxiety, please see our Resources at the top of the main forum page here. You'll find several links and book recommendations that will help you. If you feel you need further help, talk to your doctor about your medication and/therapy options. Post with us anytime for anxiety support! _PERSON_ Cat"
175985966,There’s a few people I wish die a painful death.
175985967,I feel like an utter idiot again. I quit my graduate program for like the third time this past few weeks.
175985968,"Hello reptile_lvr Thank you for taking the time to tell us, in detail, the experience you have had. It is VERY EASY to understand how upset you have been, and still are. I am sure it has been a big trial for all concerned, as it was a clear-cut problem with no easy answers. However, it badly needed to be addressed in a powerful way, and alas....was not! The biggest drawback from it all is that you are the one left with a monster problem. As it stands now, you are the only one who can deal with it, seeing you are into adulthood,and from what I can read.....you have been, and are doing the very best you can by yourself. From this point on, you are going to need some serious help in order to untangle much of the damage that has been done to you. The first recommendation I make to you is some counselling, for yourself. I can see that you love your family and want to remain a part of their lives, and the aim for counselling is for you to deal with the damage which has been inflicted on you, from a very 
young age, in order to be comfortable with the family unit, (minus the brother), in the future. There may be a necessity for you to live somewhere other than your childhood home, in order to accomplish that...BUT...that remains to be seen, as you begin to deal with the damage. Do not be ashamed of talking about this situation....it happens to others beside you, AND YOU ARE NOT AT FAULT!!!! No blame belongs to you! Feel free to return here to unload your thoughts, at any time, and we will do what we can to help you....however, keep in mind that you need professional help...in real time, to help heal your wounds. I will be praying for you, and for the family also, for there is great hope of restoration ."
175985969,"Little kitten has apparently decided after his bath to give me one, too. I am sort of tall, so, this could take awhile. He is very thoughtful."
175985970,"I get it. It would take me an entire year to drink a case of beer. I had a 5th of absolut vodka in my freezer for 2 years until I gave it away. However, what I discovered because of my illness, is that I didn't need any of that because I was living in a mixed state my entire life. It's only now that I yearn to feel some semblance of what I could feel back then instead of this emotional void that only gives me a sliver of emotional feeling only by way of 4 beers. What's it feel like to be your fiancé? He probably can't even tell you accurately because he's like a fish in water, unable to tell you that it is wet because it's been a condition given since birth."
175985971,Combined with other artists......for a display....
175985972,Dammit. The med I was taking for GERD was recalled (Zantac/ranitidine) because it can cause cancer. I was just about to go to my doctor to get a refill because I ran out several months ago and my acid reflux is getting bad again.
175985973,I love lasagna! I never tried to make it though. When I was cooking a lot I was on a diet so I never used oil to cook and I never ate pasta at all. Now that I can't cook I want to try it of course. I'd add tons of cheese. I'm on a diet again though.
175985974,The vape does that. I’m out of juice. I’m going insane and it’s only been 3 hours. I can’t imagine for you.
175985975,I'm going to see about stopping the seroquel. I'm too tired all the time and sleeping too much
175985976,Oh wait you'd go to jail.. Forgot about that.. But yeah don't..
175985977,Never mind had to scroll to artists....
175985978,"I LOVE the taste of coffee! But ever since I accidently drank 1/2 cup of caffeinated coffee and soon after had a terrible jittery feeling (heart and thoughts racing) I knew caffeine had to be added to my ""avoid"" list (along with too much sugar)."
175985979,It all infuriates me. Seriously... Yet we have it safe. It's not like other countries where there's a sniper scope every kilometer away. Yet the people that live in those countries have less mental illness.. it's really weird..
175985980,I saw Spies in Disguise on Friday with my Dad and one of my nieces and all of my nephews. It was pretty good. I liked how they emphasized non-violence as a way to end disputes. Something my sister's children all need to think about!!! Plus it was pretty entertaining.
175985981,Hi Welcome to the forum you will find good support here. I struggle with sleep and have been on most of the various sleep medications and by far the best one I have been on is Melatonin which you can buy from most chemists so might be worth looking in to. _PERSON_
175985982,"I’m having trouble being 100% compliant with my meds lately, even though usually that’s not a problem for me. But this month it’s been an issue. I thought this thread might help keep me on track."
175985983,"It's hard to tell if my moms friend has borderline personality disorder. She just gives and gives and people take from her. She's really loving and unstable like my Tweaky character.. lol.. She says she can never have a relationship because she drives everyone away because she's ""crazy"""
175985984,Minimum of twenty minutes a day.
175985985,Went grocery shopping. Got everything on my list. I have to go again tomorrow though to get the rest of the stuff though since I can only carry so much on the bus Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175985986,"I've been going to the dentist during this. Have had two appointments so far and one this coming Wednesday. They're very careful. Check temps and covid symptoms at the door. Wear masks, face shields, and have an air disinfector at least where I go. And they also make you wash your hands before you sit in the dental chair."
175985987,I want to be an athlete. I want to exercise every day. lol.. I'm going to go get a gym membership again and exercise at the gym today if I can. I need more self discipline. I already have good self discipline. Imagine quitting benzos like I have and all the drugs. Usually people that quit drugs start exercising.. it's a known thing.. quite funny to think about lol.. I'm just worried about my heart. I'm going to exercise for 2 hours today regardless and then quit smoking in the process..
175985988,"I personally don't mess with drugs that aren't prescribed for me anymore. I had some bad experiences, we'll just put it at that. The olanzapine is helping a ton already and it has only been like four days. It levels out my mood. I am excited to feel good again. Oh and I see pdoc tomorrow."
175985989,Yes I did
174382797,"My brother is so up to date with current events that he surprises me. That's how I want to be. He says it drives him a bit crazy. But that's what I want. To be slightly crazy. I hate my injection. My injection kills what makes me, ME. The insanity of information. Can I not handle all the information while on a lower dose of a antipsychotic? We'll have to find out when I see my psychiatrist in July. If she doesnt lower it, I'm skipping it for a week or more. I can't help this type of thinking and be compliant. I really can't. I hate negative symptoms soooooo bad. I'm supposed to be speedy, tweaking and absorbing information that drives me a little crazy. So many people smoke weed and they are the best to converse with. I feel like a complete zombie most of the time. It's not fair. I know the hell that is happening in the world and I accept that humanity will end and ww3 will start soon. I just want to know about it. The injection makes me uninterested in everything. A lot of people lose their minds 
slightly every once and a while. I just need to learn not to go off the deep end and make sure to not kill anyone or myself. I feel like I'm missing out on life with these antipsychotic ""meds"". Have you ever taken too much antipsychotic before? How do you feel. Horrible, right? You feel sedated and your thoughts are almost non existent and you're THINKING LESS. I shouldn't be complaining so much that I'm doing well. But I'm not doing well in terms of the moral dynamics of psychosis psychiatry. Its apart of the illness to believe this. It's apart of psychosis to believe you're not sick but maybe I'm an exception and I'm really not even though it could be the injection masking it because it might not be. Everything is possible. *Rant over..*"
175985990,"Got thru Mother's Day but it really triggered intense grief for the days to follow. Just took a Xanax to guarantee sleep tonight. Of course they make me snore which will bother my husband; unable to sleep with his own grief. Last night he had gone out in the livingroom and I could swear that I woke up with that punch in my stomach that my son is no longer in this world and I was laying there trying to calm myself down and I was telling myself- You can't change things, he's gone and you have to accept it and go on. I kind of have felt a sense of peace. Then I heard him shouting and I thought he was sick in pain and I called out- What's the matter? He yelled will you stop snoring I can't take listening to it! Uggh this really sucks."
175985991,I ate fruit salad
175985992,I haven't taken a beta blocker in 24 hours. My heart rate is 106bpm. Meh.. might as well take it.. My moms resting heart rate is 120bpm. So I'm not afraid. I'm so used to having my heart beating 70-80bpm that it still feels like it's beating that slow.
175985993,Hi First of all well done on getting through your trip even with your anxiety. I would go and speak with your doctor re medication and also ask for a referral to see a therapist for some CBT or similar also have a look at our resources for some good links to self help sites on the web. Keep us posted Hibee
175985994,_NAME_ - Scar on the Sky
175985995,I felt this 100%.
175985996,"Holy cow, _PERSON_! That sounds like quite a journey you've been on! I'm so glad you figured out the issue and are at least on your way to feeling better! I had my EGD and it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be at all. I had discomfort for a few days after but nothing I couldn't handle. And even though the biopsy results are not in yet, the doctor said the visual exam showed nothing abnormal at all. Soon I go back to the endocrinologist and we'll see what she says. Hopefully I can get some answers and continue onward and get to feeling better."
175985997,"Enneagram; Five 98% MATCH Four 90% MATCH Three 85% MATCH Nine 81% MATCH Seven 75% MATCH One 74% MATCH Two 63% MATCH Eight 52% MATCH Six 49% MATCH I used to be chaotic good but now I'm neutral good. Anyways, I had an OK day. I'm just exhausted by how toxic people are on the internet and how psychotic the world has become. There's no knowing what is really real anymore. I don't like social media. I mostly only talk here on Roll Call, share my thoughts with my family, with online research chemical friends and psychonauts. I've become so aware that I'm in more of a hell than the 4 years I spent self medicating/experimenting with drugs, working, high school, the year in total that I spent in the psychiatric hospital and sleeping 16-18 hours a day. I have such an awareness now from my psychedelic trips that everything is exhausting to me. I am damned to not have had that psychedelic trip when I was 13-14 when my negative symptoms started really bad - I've wasted so much time with introspection and lack o
f self awareness. Memories haunt me daily in the form of Pure OCD."
175985998,She was just asleep....
175985999,"I got a notice today that there's going to be some activities coming up in the community room here. This Friday they're doing Sip and Paint, so I guess there will be like beverages of some sort and painting, plus music. and on the 31st they're having an Easter egg paint off and we'll be having Spaghetti and garlic knots."
175986000,"The Seroquel and Invega combined make my heart beat less when I lay down and then a small pain goes down my arm to my finger. I took a benzo and ate two bowls of cereal and then I felt better and went to sleep at 1am. I woke up at 8am, took Vyvanse and woke up again at 9am, walked to the employment centre and it was the guy that was filling in for the professional workers and he could barely do anything so I walked back and made an appointment for next monday to look at jobs. I told him that I was completely different last year (Before the soldiers and crypto investor put me down) and said that I don't like talking to people anymore and just want an easy job like dishwashing where no one expects anything from me. I always used to work so ****ing hard and got praised by everyone. I always did a really good job with everything. Now I have to prepare for my future and I'm way too hard on myself - I don't want conflict or stress. I have a low tolerance to stress. Just throw me in a garbage bin and let 
me sort out garbage for you."
175986001,"Yes, took 'em all today. Including the supplements. Everything as prescribed."
175986002,Thank you
175986003,I'm watching _NAME_ Hills Chihuahua
175986004,Nice! I love dictionaries. I used to have a nice one. It's cool learning new words too and expanding your vocabulary
175986005,"I have issues too, as l have gone through a lot in my past it causes me great amount of fear when l communicate with people. That bothers me really. But l feel like you are lucky at least you got your own children to trust where l have none yet. l know feeling so alone suffers us yes. Maybe you shouldn't stay to yourself that much, as your wife is the one who has been with you till now, she might understand you and be willing to offer you a help, but she really can't know what to do unless you open yourself a bit more with a bit of courage and tell her what's going on in your mind actually. l know it is terrifying when we have to expose how we really are to others, but she is not just a stranger, she would listen to you and think with you about the best way for all your families."
175986006,"Just had a cup of spaghetti with whole grain noodles, and a slice of whole grain bread. Drinking water, iced tea, and diet Dr Pepper (not all at once, just sort of whichever glass or beverage I pick up)"
175986007,Ugh I slept 5 hours
175986008,"Wow, the Pokemon expansion is awesome. I only just started Isle of Armor and there's sooo much to do and so many more Pokemon to catch. Plus I'll have Crown Tundra to play also!"
175986009,"I talked to my Mom on my lunch break. She said, ""Stay Stable."" I think that should be my new mantra."
175986010,"I just looked up the dates for the trainings in the next 2 and a half months and it's not looking good. If I go in September, its during the last week of September, so I would only have literally a couple of days to move into my apt. But If I go in October, its gonna be when my mom is on vacation, so I'd have to goto _NAME_ or houston by myself. And considering houston is a huge city like dallas and has more crime than dallas...idk. houston is like the ultimate place for women to be abducted or whatnot."
175986011,Morning Had coffee. Take my meds a little later in the morning.
175986012,"The medication slows down my thoughts so they're not manic racing, but I feel like they're being blocked now. Usually it's fine but right now I have this blank feeling when I try to think which leads my brain to spiral. Thought blocking -> Medication -> Poison."
175986013,Goonies <3
175986014,You're joking!! Awesome!!
175986015,So quiet here today.....
175986016,"Everyone’s favorite tends to be the center cannot hold, by ellyn saks.....she is a law prof. somewhere in _NAME_. One I liked was by Mark _PERSON_...the _NAME_ express, he later became a doctor so you might be catching the theme of successful people who recovered from psychosis. Me, myself, and them was also good....probably the first I read."
175986017,I'm not sure but I could ask her.
175986018,"I feel bad for the kid who keeps on getting stuck with me, mainly because I rode his *** pretty hard on Monday. I had to because I had to teach him how to back roll while getting work done. Painting a black color in the sun, there is no room for mistakes, and he didn't like how i hustled him. Today I was easy on him, and it helped that he knew how to back roll perfectly today because I was so critical Monday. He asked me if we're just going to do exteriors this summer, and i think he asked that because he was deciding whether he was going to stay or not. Painting is a tough job. Tall ladders, snap judgments, we're always racing the paint. It's a brave perfections' career that pays ****."
175986019,"I been taking my omega 3 fish oil pills again. I already can think clearly and deeply with emotion. Most times I’m all emotion or numb with no ability to think clearly and with deep thought. Here is something I wrote after 2 days of omega 3 pills and onto the third day: “3AM contemplation: What is it to live in a linear, or perhaps non-linear matrix system, that we call reality? Well, we don't know reality for what it really is. Say the Grandfather Paradox. We do away with our grandfather and do some sort of linear time reset or offset. But the problems of the world continue, right? We are no longer born ourselves, but what if we are still born with our soul going to another living child? There is no true natural markup in an offset time table. There may always be that limbo set in the representation of something. Neutral regard. When we become hectic to change our past, our future becomes a little bleaker. The grass is greener on the linear side that was originally set. We weren't meant to go 
back in time, deviate from extinction, bad choices, or redo things altogether. Once what was set forth comes into fruition, the variable that things could have been different if we had done differently becomes, rather, non-linear. Meaning, there's a set of stories to all of us of what could've, should've, would've, came into being, but that is not for us to know. For us to know becomes irrelevant. The past! It's the past and what the past holds is knowledge. What we fail to forget is that we are already time traveling! What can we do in the future, in this next second or minute or hour, in order to change this linear time table? Become once and forget them all. Read that again. BECOME ONCE.” “It's 3am guys. Time for a thought: Perseverance is great, but what about the nihilistic past that is secluded among many of your decisions and hopes? At what point do you dream yourself a documentary-like fable that is supposedly this great, almighty triple-A title. Have you won an award at the Sundance for it? Imagi
ne the plight that _PERSON_ saw decades ago, and _PERSON_ ate up into her own writings. Existentialistic despise for the status quo, only to become the status quo yourself. Eventually, we all become the status quo, because the status quo was never something we achieved to be or born as, but rather the society fraught with nihilism and the propagation of disease-ridden theories as truth is something we are taught. We will always be taught that. How will we cleanse ourselves?” This is crAaAzy"
175986020,idk where to go or what to do i feel like i cant do anything right
175986021,"Hello Everyone, This friday I will be going on a trip to see some family. I have recurrent driving anxiety so this trip is giving a lot of anxiety. I think it is due to the accident I had last year. Fortunately that did not pan out as bad as I thought it was going to be but it still is in my mind everytime I drive. what's funny is that I went a long distance trip a couple months ago and everything turned out to be fine. The trip I am going on this friday will only be around 3hrs-45 minutes so not a terribly long trip. Most of it is boring interstate with some back roads. The trip I went on in june was around 4 hrs drive. Also add to that, I'm not really looking forward to dealing with family. I need to see my grandfather but at the same time don't really want to deal with aunts and uncles there. I wish I could just not go to be honest."
175986022,"Yes minus any lewd behavior. Especially when at the grip of the cold, heartless, black hole that comes with bipolar depression. When the clothes and dishes and dust bunnies are piling up and it’s been four days since you last showered. Yes, I would love to fly again. Good luck to you!"
175986023,"HI Numeric, I am so happy you got help and before the pandemic. It sounds like the meds are helping and that is fantastic! If by any chance they need tweaking later on, know that happens sometimes. But you sound good now and that is great. I know it is hard being stuck home, but I think you can handle it. I notice on facebook that some people are posting learning activities for kids, so they are out there if you need. Have a good day... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986024,"I thought I got that name from you. I used to call it ""Heart paranoia"" or what my mom was diagnosed with decades ago called ""Hyperawareness of the heart syndrome"". At least you didn't abuse stimulants so the electric activity of your heart should be ok. If heart disease runs in your family, you have a decade to fix that and the best thing for it is exercise and eating healthy. I often impulsively buy sugary things like pop, chocolate, candy, etc.. But everything else is healthy - Vegetables, .. I even go into phases of wanting to do keto, fasting, etc... Water is very important. You can do anything you want in life - Snort coke, steal peoples jewellery, throw babies out the window - But make sure you don't drink TAP WATER. I used to check my pulse 300 times a day. Now it's only 10-20 times a day because of the atenolol. I remember the first time I saw my current doctor; I came in anxious as hell and panicking saying ""The last doctor I saw in this clinic said that it's all in my head"" and I to
ld him about having to lie down on the floor at work and check my pulse because it's slower when lying down. He checked it and it was 106bpm. He prescribed atenolol and I remember 40 minutes after first taking it - The pain, intense suffering and anguish went away better than benzos.. My heart slowed a little.. The heart OCD started after my bad trip. All of my OCD thoughts were compacted like the singularity of a black hole into checking my pulse through my ribs. For 3 years, that was the only OCD I had left.. Checking the pulse.. Anyways it's all good though now.. You'll never get that bad. It would take decades of neuroplasticity without the quick neurogenesis of psilocin. I didn't mean to make this post so long. I would give you some advice Newtus but I'm not even sure what to do about myself.. So far I'm getting better.. One step at a time - You're anxious but you have good ways of dealing with it. You're a creative genius."
175986025,"Don’t think for a moment that the high cost of prescription medication matters less because most of the cost is paid for by insurance companies or the government. These costs are passed along to the consumer in the form of high premiums and taxes. So one way or another, you’re paying for it. The average American pays $1,200 a year for medication, the highest of any country. In Germany that cost is around $800, and in France and Spain less than $700. Here, individual drugs just cost more. European countries’ national health plans negotiate prices directly with the drug companies. Medicare, which accounts for 30% of all healthcare expenditures in the US, does not. People pay what the market will bear. But a lot of people can’t pay it. One in five Americans have not taken medication as directed because of cost. In Germany, Canada and Australia, one in ten haven’t. But since we’re only paying a part of the cost, 14% on average, we have no idea what the total cost is. https://blogs.psychcent
ral.com/older-bipolar/2019/07/why-drugs-cost-so-much/"
175986026,Sometimes we go one second at a time. And that’s okay. It’s over and done.
175986027,I'm trying to cut back on coffee because it's causing my GERD to be bad lately. I'm sure some of the stuff I've been eating hasn't been helping much either. Only had 1 cup of coffee today. Normally I drink on average 7-9 cups daily
175986028,"I've never encountered anything like _PERSON_ lines before in contemporary poetry. I want to say that I can't believe Epictetus didn't speak such lines first, and wonder why it is that bleakness seems something largely addressed in twentieth century poetry and later. A wonderful paraphrase of what the _PERSON_ may have been getting at, don't you think? Realizing this is one of the most liberating things I've ever felt. You mean it's NOT ""all about me"". Seriously?!?! I've carried this baggage around all my life for no reason? Hallelujah. Well and compactly-put. I'd suggest making some needlepoint kits and marketing them online, but there might not be as big a market for them as the demographic might suggest O._NAME_. That would explain all the blank stares whenever I bring up _NAME_ in conversations in line at the post office. I take it for granted that people are 'non mainstream' but the word 'mainstream' exists for a reason Yes it is. I'm grateful for these people, who have spoiled me, because w
hatever ""consciousness"" I can occasionally muster is, in fact, pretty fragile and easily broken. Consequently, I spend as little time as possible with anyone who does not in some way inspire me. However, now that you've brought that up, this might explain the SATANIC FURY (once a BPD, always a BPD) which overwhelms me whenever I am forced to confront bureaucracy, or ""people"" who are rigid tools of The Man (i.e. power-mad functionaries and wannabe totalitarian dictators (_NAME_)). Whenever someone says this, I think to myself, ""Pain. Pain therapy. All sorts of pain."". It becomes legit when you realize there's absolutely no way around it . We could be awarded the Nobel P*ss Prize and give sellout concerts, but until we iron out the kinks, dey still be dea messin' wit' our haid Thank you, salles, that hit the spot!"
175986029,"Keep an eyey on that thing, _PERSON_. It is not draining, is it? Be damn sure the next injection is someplace far away from that site. If you get really concerned about it, shoot me a pic on a PM. I was a dermaatologist for many moons and am happy to have a quick look for you if you wish."
175986030,Not sure about that cuz I read most lenders don’t give that type of loan unless the mobile home is fixed to land. And it won’t be most likely. I did extensive research all night.
175986031,I hope it will go well.
175986032,"You know what would help, seeing cat posts on Facebook. But I told myself I wouldn’t go on Facebook for 3 months. Maybe that was a stupid idea."
175986033,Are you getting any money out of it? When my sister lived with her husband at the time they let friends stay with them only to catch them with heroin needles and **** like that and to a bedroom which was suppose to me my nieces bedroom. Yeah... that room was locked up so my niece didn't get into it and idk if they cleaned it before they moved.
175986034,"Hope it goes well, sounds like a cool thing to get to try out"
175986035,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ I'll have to look for those next time I go to the grocery store or Super Target. I get tired of eating a sandwich all the time. Sometimes if there are leftovers from dinner I will take those but there isn't always leftovers.
175986036,"Feeling better after klonopin, meditation, pizza, and some herbal tea"
175986037,"Yes, got a shower after my walk today"
175986038,"Yes it can be psychosis even if you know it’s happening....this can definitely happen if your depression is bad enough....but there are other possibilities that are medical in nature so you’ll want to get checked by a doc. Anyway feel free to stop by the check in thread called roll call....a lot of us with various types of psychosis hang out there, or post here or create more threads if you want to know more. Whatever suits you best. We are all here to help."
175986039,Send some to Southern California! I have new duck boots that I haven't been able to wear because it hasn't rained or snowed!
175986040,"Nissin ramen, with lime and cayenne pepper"
174382869,I have schizoaffective bipolar type and Im in the right place. So I think you are good! Welcome to the forum
175986041,"Okay I thought so I just have brain fog going on here. I think perhaps it may be a good idea to ask yourself where this mindset comes from as opposed to being concerned about whether or not it “makes sense”. I think that most of the stuff in our minds at one point did make sense at the time because otherwise it wouldn’t be there, but usually when it no longer “works” for us then it needs to be adjusted to match the way things are now as opposed to the way things were and lol now I’m worried that I’m not making sense! Aaahhh! For what it’s worth I think whatever you’re going through is 100% valid, no doubt in my mind about that."
175986042,Thanks _PERSON_. The Sertraline start up was a bit rough for me. I needed Klonopin to get sleep and I often woke very early AM with extremely uncomfortable agitation. The only thing I found that relieved that was to go out for a run. So I would run at 530 am It took several weeks for that to dissipate. I’m hoping the w/d will be less challenging than the start up. I’ve been on the Sertraline for around 10 months or so.
175986043,And my weight is so detrimental to me.
175986044,"Hugs, bud. Sorry."
175986045,Has anyone ever heard of a delusion that is altruistic and benevolent in nature? Essentially the delusion is that people are surveilling and manipulating an individual in order to do something good for this person. It's not a delusion based in fear. Its a delusion that there is someone out there looking out for her or protecting her (in an admittedly strange and ****_NAME_ up manner).
175986046,"_PERSON_, how did your doctors appointment today go? Did you like the doctor?"
175986047,Glad the library was open. _PERSON_ like I was going to pass out on the way to the pharmacy and back. Stopped in there on my way home and drank some water
175986048,"I told my doctor everything Oh fack it's hard to write before the coffee kicks in.. I'll try.. Anyways, He didn't change my meds and prescribed 5x 15mg Restoril (Temazepam). I then went for a hike.. With no sleep. I went back, sat in the sun (I am now tanned and burned), my veins were big and I decided to go to sleep at 28 hours awake. I took a 0.5mg alprazolam because of anxiety which calmed me down. I waited a bit to calm down and then decided to sleep. I took one 15mg temazepam and started MELTING.. I was melllttinggg.. then took a zopiclone and fell asleep. Heart calmed down (Cuz if I try to sleep without a benzo, my heart skips a beat and I'm scared of sudden death after being awake). I woke up at 2am, had water and then slept until 12pm. So 18 hours of sleep. I feel refreshed. If I don't sleep ever again with just zopiclone, I'll stay up again and do this whole thing again at 6pm with the temazepam. I feel like I still need a little bit of phenibut (500mg a day) so I'll take that. So far my m
ental health is good. I'll try to make an appointment with my therapist or psychiatrist once the coffee kicks in and I can feel my thoughts in it's natural tangented way."
175986049,Thank you _NAME_ I deal with a TBI (possible CTE) and severe PTSD myself.. that has been exacerbated by all that I've been dealing with.. I have some knowledge of bipolar but feel I'm in deeper water than I'm used to with all this.
175986050,I dunno any of this stuff. I’m on Abilify for schzioaffective . I don’t like it
175986051,I live in the northeast.
175986052,That’s a good idea. I’m listening to the soundtrack to the movie/musical RENT.
175986053,I’ve been in a good mood too past week.
175986054,Yeah I could try that
175986055,"I’m doing alright. I’m functioning and doing things that are important to me, but I sometimes can’t shake this feeling of not being okay. I don’t know how else to describe it or if it’s depression or anxiety. I’m thankful for where I’m at because I’ve come a long way, but I still wish I could feel settled. Thank you for taking the time to put that question out there! How are you _NAME_?"
175986056,I took the Rx & a multivitamin/mineral supplement.
175986057,"Oh, that's neat. So I guess there's lots of post-game stuff. My favorite game is probably Bloodborne or Dark Souls II/III because of how replayable they are. I always love a game with good replayability. I'll put Lego HP on my ""to-play"" list. I keep a list of them on post-it notes in the ""video game"" drawer on my TV stand. This is why I don't want to buy more games lol:"
175986058,"Tried kratom for the first time this afternoon. Wow, it reminds me a little of poppers because they both make you instantly high and then wear off. I couldn't buy any because they were out of capsules. Got 10 more disposables and I hope I can wean myself off of the excess nicotine. I started using them at night and now I crave them everyday. No dry hits. I'd almost prefer to use a disposable pod because air flow is good and no dry hits. Have to change my coil and fill the tank at 4pm."
175986059,"Sometime I wish I was a robot so stress/anxiety or whatever you call it would not mess with my mind or body. Sometimes I wish I was a computer.Like at the beginning of a day I could just delete all the emotions,thoughts that are making me worked up/making me feel anxious so that I can get on with my daily life.But but that's just day dreaming. Maybe in not to distant future(maybe like 100-200 years down the road) they will invent some technology that can do similar thing and people with anxiety issues will get back their sanity.Ok now my blabbering is over. Post Edited (arachnids) : 7/6/2019 12:46:17 PM (GMT-6)"
175986060,Taking the bus to walmart after I get back from my appointment to get a 100 pack of crayola colored pencils
175986061,"I might, I'll have to think of something to draw"
175986062,Me to me lmao
175986063,"I am glad your eye exam went well. I had one recently and got new glasses. It is nice to be able to see better. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986064,My mom only has hers at night so she got an adjustable bed but the same can be accomplished with a triangle foam pillow. It’s also possible to avoid certain foods.
175986065,"Wow, that did seem to come up fast. HUGS Kit"
175986066,"I’m hungry too. We have food but idk I can’t eat something unless it’s breaded or has a bread component. Otherwise I will throw up. Unless it’s tart or sour. Idk why I’m like that. I really don’t. Something about bread is grounding to me and my stomach. Like it’s dense or something. Veggies and stuff, I can’t do not cuz I don’t like how they taste. It’s just they feel weightless and not right. I’m the same way with clothes/shoes. I wear thick clothing. Very thick. Haaaaaate sheer stuff. Makes me feel naked."
175986067,Thank you so much for responding!! It might be. I have always had mood swings as a kid. And I’m on birth control rn to help with the endo. I might have some kind of hormonal imbalance. I’ll talk to her about that . Thanks for the advice! Really? I’ve never thought about reading books about this stuff. Do you have any in particular that you can recommend? And good luck with grad school. !! I can already tell that you’re going to be a great therapist. :) Thank you! And I appreciate you so much. :))
175986068,"I’m doing alright, kind of feeling low. Slept for like 13 hours. I’m just frustrated with this whole coronavirus situation I guess. I was ready to get my life back together before this happened through supportive employment and whatnot now everything is on pause for who knows how long. I don’t have school right now either cause it’s gonna take 6 months to pay off my account and get set up with them again. I spent most of yesterday laying in bed doing nothing. I try to stay positive though for the most part but sometimes it’s hard. How are you?"
175986069,At the taco place
175986070,Chocolate pudding cup and Zevia zero calorie cream soda
175986071,"I'm so glad there's a place I can go to, to talk about the struggles of hygiene and be understood. I love you all!"
175986072,"Yeah for sure depressed. I don't know what it is. I was fine with quarantine and social distancing for a while -- for a while I just read and made progress on things, but now I am hitting a wall..."
175986073,My body feels heavy
175986074,1.5 hours left! Yeet yeet!
175986075,"_AT_MENTION_ You are missing a few words in that idiom. It’s supposed to be, “Birds of the same feather, flock together”. The analogy is birds, animals and humans of the same feather, fur or skin flock together or group together."
175986076,"Well, this sucks. I bought some video game merchandise and someone stole my package. I called up my apartment complex's receptionist line when I couldn't find it and the lady was like, ""oh, didn't you come pick this up earlier? it was already picked up."" ...but I never actually picked anything up. It wasn't worth a whole lot... maybe $30 worth of stuff, mostly dragon quest... but it's upsetting because I was really looking forward to getting my stuff. but now I'm afraid that some of my switch games coming in the mail are going to get stolen by whoever is picking up my packages."
174382935,"I decided to just say ""**** it"" and took a bunch of chemicals. I have to keep it together because my mom is trying to keep it together.. She didn't though.. She never did.. Just went out of control. I went out of control too... With the chemicals. And the person on the video chat said I would end up a serial killer for taking care of my mom? What hell is put upon me.. I then think about my two personalities.. One is serious, logical and anhedonic.. The other is like my mom... The _NAME_ land.. I'm having problems with solipsism and I'm losing touch with reality.. My mom came in my room and I closed my computer and I knew what she was going to say.. She reacted.. and it's like I'm watching a movie like the schizophrenia simulation video on youtube... It's really messed up and everyone is dealing with their own severe problems. I just want to lose control and get it done and over with.. But that would bring me to the hospital.. We all hate the hospital.."
175986077,"Thank you, _PERSON_. I do get lots of support with online support groups. Very helpful. I did not know that you had lost a son to addiction. I can imagine the pain as I am already morning my son who is still walking this planet. I send hugs to you and wish your son the best. I hope he can taper off of the methadone. It seems to have a strong grip to those who take it as treatment for heroin addiction. Take good care, and thank you for addressing my needs. SIncerely, _PERSON_"
175986078,"I was feeling numb, apathetic, anhedonic, unmotivated and uninspired so I had to take drastic measure and take 5mg psilacetin. Now I feel so much better. Had a good sleep too."
175986079,Idk. Sometimes idk what the fck I'm even doing anymore. I just want to hide. My body feel physically weak. I'm just depressed and lethargic feeling.
175986080,Freshly baked cinnamon rolls and some coffee
175986081,"Why would you eat coconut oil? Does it taste good? Just wondering, since I have only heard of that as a cooking ingredient. Hope you feel better."
175986082,"Oh wow awesome! That really means a lot to me, you dont even know!"
175986083,Yeah initially I think I missed certain aspects of mine.....but not overall...this is also when I realized I couldn’t hear people talking next door etc.....the walls are good here.
175986084,Popsicles?
175986085,Don’t you get loans for cost of living while in school?
175986086,Get a coat and get ur butt outside to look at some freaking mountains!!!!!
175986087,Happy Easter! I had the BEST 10 hour sleep... Little foggy headed though might drink a coffee.
175986088,"I was wrong. My roommate was doing the sweetest thing possible. She bought presents and candy to put in 2 giant Easter baskets, filled to the brim with surprises. That was really nice of her. I told her that too."
175986089,Did some yoga. Had a healthy tuna sandwich for dinner. Now just debating on whether I want to stay up all night or not
175986090,"getting by said... TMo, It is always something when you own a home. I am lucky, mine is paid for, but I have taxes which is hard to come up with twice a year. But I am glad I own mine, it is small too though I have 7 acres of property with trees. But believe me in life, it really is always something coming up. Something needs to be fixed or something needs to be replaced. But that is life. Things get old and wear out. Parts break. I guess it is what it is. Always challenges. Though if you were renting, you would have to depend on the land owner to fix things or do you get renter's insurance? I would hate to have to rent again. I hope you are able to sell if that is what you want to do. At least that way you are turning it into equity. That is something in your favor. I hope you have a good night. It is 7:19 pm here. Dark... Take care. I think you are right Medved. Some of us are just wired to have anxiety. Hugs, _NAME_... This is true but at the same time, if something broke and needed fixing, I wo
uldn't be on the hook for it. It would be their responsibility. Where I live, there are a lot of new townhomes that are being built for rent that are pretty reasonable. If something were to go wrong, then it would be on them to fix. There is always a trade off between renting vs owning. my issue with these home repairs is that for most of them I will not see the ROI on them except for the roof."
175986091,You did a good job! ??
175986093,Plus I took 2 more supplements.
175986094,"Cat food, cat litter, shampoo, Birthday card for my sister, Target gift card for my sister, Dr Pepper, Starbucks card for my sister."
175986095,"I took 50mg last night and so far today it does seem to be helping keep my anxiety in check. I'm hoping it last for awhile longer. I've been having a hard time lately so I upped it in hopes to sleep better, which I think I did."
175986096,"I think I fell asleep I'm not sure though, I was just kind of laying there in a daze for a couple hours I think I need to lay off the chocolate for awhile. It's not good for acid reflux and I've been eating it a lot lately"
175986097,"Very cool replies @ AD. I didn't mean for anyone else here to get it because that's kinda bad.. I tell people that demons don't exist for the sake of sanity but you all insist.. Remember, they don't exist too.. idk.. Many people tell me they like how my brain works and it's flattering but I want to be known for something as proof like what Day _PERSON_ is doing.. We all do.. I think it's a human type of thing.. I personally think everyone is interesting.. We all share the same gravity, our parents are gonna die, most of us have to work.. etc.. I have a friend that is very depressed and smokes weed, listens to heavy metal, doesn't clean his room and he likes me cuz I tell him all these great things and he's only starting to realize now that he doesn't have to live the way that he's living.. People judge him but I don't. A lot of people judge when they don't understand like ""the soldiers"" did to me. I used to sleep all the time and do nothing and no one said anything but now that I'm out of it and 
trying to build my life, people criticise.. Sometimes I feel like I'm better of laying in bed.. A friend on Facebook from Ireland contacted me yesterday and said he likes my mind and I'm intelligent cuz of my posts ""It all makes sense"".. Funny stuff. Two days ago my dad was like ""You should write a book I like the way you write but don't post personal stuff on facebook"". I love my dad. He's like a shaman to me. Tells me I'm not crazy and we have really crazy conversations. He's the only person that I know other than me that talks so rhetorically.. and _PERSON_ lol.. (He was an INFP. I think my dad is too _USER_ID_: He definitely an infj). Yeah I don't think I'm autistic either cuz of that test that Sometimes Psychotic told me about. I got high in reading emotions based on crops of people's eyes. I suppose the pattern thing is just an IQ thing.. cuz that's basically what it means.. I was always musically gifted too being able to play by ear. I was in a band two summers ago and some of my friends couldn’t 
play by ear.. They said I would be a great musician and would eventually become better than them.. All of this positivity has been good for me but my depression was mostly about apathy and not low self esteem. Something to do with my brain chemistry… Intp? I spent the last bit of the night thinking about time travel.. just need big mass (like a planet), energy, (like in space ship), or a bigger mass like a floating star that isn't spinning around a galaxy, a lot of energy and go really really fast... idk.. But there's a podcaster and comedian infp I really look up to and he thinks about this **** all the time and never stops talking lol (_NAME_ if you want to Google)."
175986098,"I feel like shyt. I really need to cut out coffee and other spicy/acidic foods/condiments. My body just can’t seem to take it whatsoever, always. But it’s so incredibly hard. Because well... coffee. And other things. But I’m sick of my stomach hurting ALL THE TIME. Everyday I feel like crap, seems like no matter what I eat. I noticed when I started eating cooked meals, at home, my stomach barely hurt."
175986099,Brewing some decaf coffee so I can relax with a warm drink and read
174382972,"Welcome to PC, _AT_MENTION_! You sound like you have a really good attitude. Please keep posting. I have found wonderful support here. And I learn a lot from others. Good luck with everything!"
175986100,"_PERSON_, That is why I went from effexor to pristiq. When it went generic, I knew I wouldn't be able to get brand name anymore. I am sensitive to these medications and the doctor suggested I switch as pristiq is a close cousin.. Since pristiq went generic I have noticed a difference in the brands so I get only one brand because the others don't work. Though it took me a couple of months to figure that out. Ironically the brand I take looks identical to the brand name. So part of it could be psychological. There is a difference in brand name and generic adderall xr too. Unfortunately I am stuck with the lesser brand. Have a good day. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175986101,Just had some hard boiled eggs.
175986102,I don’t think that’s very helpful telling you you’re bad I think that would only make things worse.
175986103,"It depends on your microbial flora, making what works different for everyone. If I don’t go full veg I don’t lose anything....."
175986104,Had a little fun with my Bamboo Slate...
175986105,"Oh, I've been avoiding snapchat today. I didn't see the convo on snapchat. Today has not been a good day for me at all... :/ this YEAR hasn't been a good year at all."
175986106,"cln777 said... I have a question, I had been taking citalopram 20 mg bought in mexico since I live in the border then this week my dr here in US prescribed me the same meds so I got them at my pharmacy ...is it the same formula or is it different? I mean I had been feeling ok and now that I started citalopram U.S I am back to feeling bad ...has anybody experienced anything similar? Take a look at the manufacturer of the drug bought in Mexico and compare it to the one bought in the US. Is there a difference? If so, we could have a more focused discussion."
175986107,"Treats for my cat, paper towels, a case of diet dr. Pepper. I need to buy some more protein. I can't function without it. I really mean it, I start to have signs of akathasia if I miss it for two consecutive days. I really have no idea why protein treats it. Why I told my pdoc about it she completely dismissed it. She doesn't have a wholistic approach I guess. She's damn good though."
175986108,Well that was funny lol. Never knew anything that ever existed
175986109,"My mom let me sleep in until noon because I've been getting up early for like a week to clean the house and stuff. The hardest part of waking up is taking the Vyvanse. That's all I have to do - Is take the pill, right beside me on my bedside table. When I wake up, I procrastinate taking it. I eventually take it and then it kicks in and after 30 minutes, I get out of bed. I haven't taken the daily evening 0.5mg alprazolam in 10 days but I took 6x 5mg diazepam. I haven't taken any benzos in the last 3 days though. I think I might be off of them. Hope everyone is doing well or feeling better - I am."
175986110,Keep ? mate. HT.
175986111,Sounds good! Cuz animal crossing is 60 dollars and Xbox ultimate pass is like 25
175986112,I planned out my meals for the next week
175986113,Pieces of my tooth keep falling out every once and a while but I dont have money to get it fixed. And I'm not asking my parents cuz they will be mad.
175986114,"I was admitted to the hospital last year because I started hearing voices again. I was on Zyprexa which worked somewhat for a while but stopped working. In the hospital they took me off it and put me on Haldol and _PERSON_ for blood pressure. I became really paranoid more than I already was. Then they transerred me to another hospital after about a month. In that hospital they added Zyprexa to my meds and discharged me. So I went home. And soon I started having really bad intrusive thoughts which made me unconmfortable. Then on a regular basis I was having episodes where I kept thinking things I didn't want to think and couldn't focus on anything. I could not distract myself with the radio or television. I also started shaking at times when this began to happen. I felt like I could not think because every time I would try to think my thought would be interrupted by an intrusive thought. On top of that I was hearing a voice emerging from the background noise in the room. My APN then put me on Propra
nolol for akethesia. I had akethesia on top of all this. And she added Latuda to my meds. Neither the akethesia nor my symptoms improved. So I went to another hospital after going back to the one I was discharged from and getting discharged again. The APN took me off all my psych meds and put me on Respridal. I thought I was feeling better and after I was discharged I did not have the symptoms for a week. But then it happened again and I went back to the same hospital. The APN increased my Respridal and discharged me again. For a week I had no symptoms and then it happened again. Also I could no longer pace easily nor rock my back back and forth easily. Every time I would try to pace I felt like sitting down again. Also my back felt weak and I would hunch over and walk slow. I'm not old by the way. So then I was taken off Metropolol and my Propranolol was decreased to 20 mg from 60 mg because I fainted due to low blood pressure. It seemed like the symptoms were almost gone. But then my Propranolol was increas
ed to 60 mg again and the symptoms came back. So I looked up Propranolol Psychosis and found that beta blockers can cause psychosis. So the APN decreased my Propranolol back to 20 mg, but this time the symptoms only went away temporarily. So I quit taking the Propranolol but after four days the episode happened again. It is now five days since I quit taking it and I haven't been feeling well. Please help. I don't want to go through this anymore."
175986115,I think you have your answer then......
175986116,Me too
175986117,That's great!
175986118,"Crazy teen, medicated ADD Doctor said take only 1, but you know I was taking 3.. Soz @ mods I'll behave.."
175986119,Have you told your doctor or therapist who’s prescribing you the medication? I wonder if they might have some advice for you on how to quit watching it
175986120,"_USER_ID_, Others in this thread have suggested gently that maybe the problem is not (or at least not only) Schizoid personality. I'm going to take a different tack and say that even if it is, that's the one thing that you probably can't fix. What you and your hubby can work on is the things that you both agree are problems. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but from your posts you would like: A) A more active sex life B) Him to find employment C) Help with the house chores D)To feel that he is a partner who is close to you and supporting you I don't think that any of those things are necessarily incompatible with SPD. I do know that I found it hard when I was first married because I suddenly lost a lot of alone time that I hadn't even realised was protected just because I lived by myself. As a result I was lower energy, and depressed more often. I didn't have enough experience with relationships yet to realise what was happening, and my wife didn't realise how much pressure she was putting 
me under. Even trying to ""help"" was just adding pressure, increasing my need to spend time alone. I don't think that it is reasonable for you to expect someone to change who they are, but I do think that everything on your list is something that is totally reasonable for you to expect out of a relationship regardless of who your partner is. The trick is to find a way to negotiate it without either of you feeling under pressure or attacked. For you, talking to a therapist or having lots of conversations about it might be a natural strategy, but that obviously isn't something he finds comfortable or helpful. If it is any help at all to know - I'm pretty sure my wife felt a lot like you did several times in our early marriage. We've been married for over 20 years now, most of the time happily. Message boards are terrible ways to give or get advice, so I won't. I will say that something that I have personally found helpful is when my spouse has put things in a letter, and let me write back. It helps me to commu
nicate in my own time and space when I'm not also struggling with needing to escape and be alone. Heart-to-heart conversations are a terrible environment (for me) for solving inter-personal problems. That's sometimes hard for other people to realise, because they think that talking to people is a good way to solve problems. ""I feel bad, you feel bad, let's talk about it"" ""NO! I feel bad, I want to get out of here and be by myself for a while. The last thing I want is to talk to someone."" The fact that your early relationship was long distance (so was ours) leads me to believe that maybe living together all of the time now is part of what is making things hard for both of you. Social expectations suck, but it really isn't failure to think carefully about what sort of living arrangements would actually make you both happy."
175986121,Mine are purple!
175986122,"Idk why I'm like this. I'm the same, I'm either happy or depressed, but it's not really happy, it's more like neutral or depressed because I seem to never really be happy."
175986123,Going to take 2-3 weeks for my post cards to arrive they are coming from New Zealand.....hopefully I don’t have to pay taxes to claim them.
175986124,"I agree with you super20dan, I had a good experience before with this one too, very easy to wean off of it and last time it took 2 weeks to have an effect on me...I’m really looking forward to that ..meanwhile I have decided to use essential oils in my house to help ease the anxiety while medication kicks in"
175986125,Think of your mind as your friend. I need to do this too.
175986126,Wow. With sunlight coming in through my windows since I’ve opened the blinds today really makes me feel like I’ve been living in a dungeon the past year. I just would always feel paranoid about keeping my blinds open like thinking people could see inside and would watch me so I always kept them shut. Even though I’m on the 3rd floor and most likely nobody could see me. It was just paranoia.
175986127,You can use save a trip at Walgreens they work with your insurance to get you on a once a month schedule.....I haven’t tried it because I have only the one....
175986128,"The way I found out I was bipolar was, I was talking to a lay counselor on the phone, and telling him of my troubles. He said, “I knew your uncle. And he was bipolar, and you probably are too.” So, I would have told my psy. and he would have added Lithium stabilizer to my anti-depressant Sinequan. My panic attacks stopped as soon as I was put on the Lithium stabilizer. Because, the doctor prescribed Sinequan anti-depressant, because I was mis-diagnosed as simply depressed, and the anti-depressant was throwing me into mania, because I was really manic depressed. I had two conditions, but the psy. only saw the depression, and they don’t ask questions, they sit there. He could have asked, do you ever have any manic episodes? It never dawned on him that if someone is depressed, they could be manic-depressed, and anti-dep. by itself will throw them into the mania. In addition to my uncle, my mother’s mother also had bipolar, and I inherited it from her. It skipped a generation, my mother did not 
have bipolar. So my parents did not have to have bipolar for me to inherit it from my mother’s mother. Do you have any relatives who have emotional problems, possibly bipolar? You say, “It does seem that people get diagnosed with Depressive Disorder then later Bipolar.” I think they get mis-diagnosed as depressive, because they come in as that, and the psy. doesn’t ask them about possible mania. Then when they keep getting in trouble with the untreated mania, that Psy. or another one will hopefully dx them as bipolar. I don’t think these patients change, I think they get mis-dxed. As far as if anyone gets dxed as Bipolar, and then not, I don’t think that happens. They get mis-dxed as depressive, and then not. So if a mood stabilizer works then likely Bipolar, probably so. These are just my opinions. Mayoclinic.org says, two kinds of bipolar: Bipolar I and Bipolar II. Difference is, it says, is Bipolar I you have full mania, and Bipolar II you have hypomania, but no manic episodes. You’ll want to 
check all of this with your doctor. “Mania is more severe than hypomania and causes more noticeable problems at work, school and social activities, as well as relationship difficulties” mayo says. Have you had full mania? For me, it would be working on something until I collapsed. Or do you just have hypo, or reduced mania? Signs of “manic and a hypomanic episode include three or more of these symptoms,” says mayoclinic.org: Abnormally upbeat, jumpy or wired; Increased activity, energy or agitation; Exaggerated sense of well-being and self-confidence (euphoria); Decreased need for sleep; Unusual talkativeness; Racing thoughts; Distractibility; Poor decision-making — for example, going on buying sprees, taking sexual risks or making foolish investments. Do you have some of those? Then the shift to depression (mayo says some of the signs are): Depressed mood, such as feeling sad, empty, hopeless or tearful; Marked loss of interest or feeling no pleasure in all — or almost all — activities; Either 
insomnia or sleeping too much; Either restlessness or slowed behavior; Fatigue or loss of energy; Feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt; Decreased ability to think or concentrate, or indecisiveness"
175986129,Thank you _NAME_. I wish the best for you and your daughter.
175986130,"WOah, someone else digs philosophy here? _NAME_ is a pretty dry guy, I like him. Let me know what peaks your interest!"
174383025,I'm just realizing how badly I have anhedonia. **** negative symptoms
175986131,Good morning. Took vyvanse and then smoked a bowl of temple strain. Gonna take my cousin up the sky tram and then we're going to the lake.
175986132,"""Telling it like it is"" and honesty are two sides of the same coin but are not necessarily synonymous. The phrase ""telling it like it is"" sounds manipulative and deceptive. It leaves no room for debate. It's veracity lies in the mind of the speaker and those who are apt to believe ""it"". _PERSON_ ""told it like it is"". It sounds like I'm obsessing on semantics here, but citing ""corporate culture"" and ""corporate types"" as examples brings this into a whole different ballfield. I don't find these types merely offensive, I find them abhorrent. The fact that their dishonesty is literally sanctioned by capitalist governments is what's offensive. How can a private citizen, schizoid or not, counter such institutionalized deception? He can't. The only recourse would be to fight fire with fire. I run my own business. In order to keep my workflow steady and stable, I frequently have to ""tell it like it is"", even when I'm lying through my teeth. There are just too many of us on this planet, all of 
us trying to go in our intended direction. Like bacteria in a petri dish, there's just no way that the path of our direction will not collide with someone else's. So it should be all about sharing the space and compromise, right? In a perfect world that would be the case, but there are too many of us who are either too heartless or too stupid or too bullheaded to comply. Do you matter? If your answer is yes, then let me ask you; do other's matter too? I assume most people here would say yes. But our blindly competitive nature would dictate that the reverse is true. The need to get ahead ""at all costs"" is one of the worst symptoms of the disease of western culture. It's an inherent tenet of politics, business and religion, just to name three of the biggest institutions that cast a shadow on our humanity, and to stand within its midst and proclaim yourself to be a pillar of honesty and transparency is suicide. The only place where honesty still thrives is within our private interpersonal relations. And here, 
like everywhere else, we have a choice: to be honest or to employ the same kind of manipulative techniques that ""they"" do. Dishonesty is manipulation. And achievement by manipulation is a hollow victory at best. It's a paper tiger that hides it's vulnerability behind a veneer of weakness. A house of cards blithely unaware of an impending breeze. And building your interpersonal relationships on lies is going to work against you sooner or later. This is true for schizoids more than anyone else because a lie is like a pet you constantly have to feed and nurture. This schizoid does not have the time or stomach for that. There are times for ""telling it like it is"" and times for ""telling it like you want to believe/want them to believe it is"". That's just a sad fact of the human condition. True virtue lies in being able to honorably acknowledge the distinctions."
175986133,Don’t be fooled by sunk costs...
175986134,Yay! I chose scorbunny as my starter.
175986135,"I for 40 years I was proud of hardly doing any lying. Then (because I temporarily had a very social job) I realized that: - Not lying is childish. Lying is grown-up. - Lying = good social skills. Not lying = bad social skills. Axix B types (NPD, HPD etc.) are lying a lot. And manipulating a lot. I thought they are inferior and my way of being 'true' is superior and my progress in mankinds future is just further. But now I learned, Schizoids are playing games as well (e.g. forgetting names, being quiet, having less mimic). Regarding being good or evil, I thought that I'm mostly good, because in few situations I act for my own needs, usually I work to fullfill other's needs. Now I realized that a society where everyone prioritizes other's needs over the own needs would be less efficient. There is an optimum of selfishness that makes a population most efficient. So: Being good and true and selfless is just inferior and I was wrong 40 years. I decided to change myself, to become more selfish, to lie mo
re etc. - but that's not easy after 40 years of being a good person. (Background: I was cut into pieces in the shark tank of my last job. And they laughed at me for being a good person, a naive person. So, I don't want to be laughed at, now I will show my bad side and hopefully stop the laughing.) The hardest thing is, and there I meet the original post: When I decide to lie, why don't I lie always. Or when I decide to stop being a good person, why don't I become a really evil person ? I mean when normal people decide that good is sick and naive and inferior, childish, underdeveloped ... why don't they get really really bad, but only a bit bad (like stealing ideas from their colleagues is ok, but returning a purse they found is ok as well, where the returned purse has little value compared to a stolen idea). Well, I started reading _PERSON_ texts and secretly envy antisocial people for their freedom. It's however not easy stopping to bee a good person. Every day I catch myself being good, helping people, doin
g things that are downside for me and a benefit for others etc. So, don't be a fool, start lying. Humans are evil, being evil is efficient. If you don't lie you don't serve a higher purpose, you probably (a study would be great here) sacrifice efficiency. Disclaimer: I started an MBA study a few months ago, maybe becoming Machiawellic is normal when people are studying business and are working in business related deparments. So maybe I just change because my job changes, and in that care there would be less relation to the original post, sorry in that case. Any SPDs also irritated by the lie-not-lie or being good or evil or something in between question ?"
175986136,"Even though we have to keep with current events, I try to moderate the amount of time I spend watching the news so that I do not become overwhelmed."
175986137,What is TMS?
175986138,I feel sad. I took 100mg seroquel. Idk if it kicked in yet. But it was building up to this. Down to this.
175986139,"Morning Drinking coffee Read a few studies last night about how a lot of schizophrenics drink over 500mg of caffeine a day, which is a health risk."
175986140,"Yeah, and I have to pick up some refills tomorrow then refill my weekly case again"
175986141,Ugh I am so depressed again.
175986142,"Yes I did, after my walk. It felt good! I washed my hair too."
175986143,"If it works, then that is what matters. Yes lexapro is intense, but as my shrink says, it is the 'crack cocaine of anti depressants'! Zap zap! zap!!! Good move on changing, as if it is the wrong med for you, then it is useless. HT"
175986144,Hope U get better
175986145,Nice! My cousin uses garmin to track her runs.....
175986146,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175986147,"I’ve been there. I just want to assure you not to give up. Is there anything you can do to make yourself better: take a walk, do some relaxing yoga stretches on you tube & breath deeply. When we get anxious we breath shallowly & this makes our anxiety worse. I will be praying for you & I know that bit by bit this horrible feeling can be overcome. Hang in there! Mrn"
175986148,"No. This has been going on for a few years. It’s not that I think I’m fat type of BDD, it’s like my body doesn’t look how it should sometimes. Like my arms feel longer than they should or how right now my lower legs look weirdly skinny. Like something is wrong with me physically/medically."
175986149,"I have a credit card now but they send the card to my old mail box. W/e I don't even need a credit card.. If you want to buy something, save up! One dollar, two dollar, three dollar... etc.. just like that.. This is 100% because I don't have kids (Parasites)."
175986150,She's overprotective and is probably worried about me despite her saying that it sounds like I'm doing better. So IDK?
175986151,"sorry you're struggling SK you might want to have a doctor look at the SI to make sure nothing gets infected, do you think maybe you need the hospital? I just want you to be safe"
175986152,Call or text your T like now....the further you let those thoughts spiral the harder it will be to get better.
175986153,Yes!!! Missed u!
175986154,I’m on snapskies
175986155,Yeah that's what I would expect. It's been such a long time that I don't watch proper movies that I'm almost unfamiliar with the concept by now anyway.
175986156,My family doctor handles all my prescriptions
175986157,I posted this in another bipolar group because I didn’t want to bother you guys and I’m embarrassed: ‘I’ve been taking my meds but my mood is low. I’m having trouble working. I feel almost dissociative while working from home. I haven’t been showering regularly. All I want to do is curl up. Or stop taking my meds to see what happens. I hate it all. I don’t know what to do.’ ... The other people suggested I call my doctor _PERSON_. I should I know. I never made a follow up appointment in early May when I last talked to him. I’ll call tomorrow see when I can get an appointment. Just letting you guys know how I’m doing. I tell you if I had alcohol in the house I would get drunk right now and forget everything but that’s not a good coping mechanism.
175986158,_PERSON_ Pepper
174383019,"Hi, Just an update on Abilify - sticking with 0.5 mg low dose in evenings, and the 10mg prozac in mornings. The issue is that on random days, my son is very tired and it takes him till late evenings to get going. I know lethargy is a side effect of abilify but wondering why is it so random, and some days is just fine. Any ideas?"
175986159,"Just got a second kind for little _NAME_ as was concerned he was not eating enough. He ate the whole can in 5 minutes!! I fogot how picky they are... He loves peanut butter, though..."
175986160,There is also a lady on here offering support sessions. More group sessions every Sunday at 5pm. Can find info if u are interested. Was thinking of joining myself. Xo
175986161,Minipuff: Have you had a chance to speak to your psychiatrist yet? I know there seemed to be several things that were going on.
175986162,"Obsessing obsessing obsessing. Not one thing, it's another."
174383051,I have Schizoaffective and was diagnosed at 39. Before then my dx was depression with psychotic features. Not really sure what the difference is.
175986163,"You said Lithium stabilizer for bipolar worked for you but it gave you stomach problems. However, in your 2nd post you said, ""it was the lithium that I couldn't stay on due to side effects but I didn't experience them at 600 mg, my psychiatrist just thought that wouldn't be a therapeutic dose - wanted me at 900 or 1200."" Well, I take 600 mg of Lithium a day, 2, 300 mg pills, and it has stopped my manic phase for over 15 years. Net says it also helps with depression. Net says Seroquel is an anti-psychotic which helps with mania and depression. However, you get very depressed on Seroquel, although Lithium worked for you. Did Lithium help with your depression? Also, you said you can't take anti-depressants because they throw you into hypo mania. You might try the Lithium again at 600 mg, which you said both the dosage and the medicine worked for you. Well, when the Lithium was working for you, were you depressed? If not, I would consider going back to that and try Melatonin from the health food stor
e for sleep, which is what I use. If the Melatonin or other such health food remedy doesn't work, you might can get you doctor to prescribe you a sleeping pill. This would, perhaps, allow you to drop the Seroquel which is not helping with your depression. You said about Lithium in your 1st post: ""Short background - I am BP type II with ultradian cycling. I have tried a lot of meds over 12 years and finally tried Lithium this past year which was truly the only medication that I found helpful (other than my Seroquel that gets my sleep for me each night) however I couldn't stay on it due to the stomach side effects."" So, Lithium is the ""the only medication that I found helpful (other than my Seroquel that gets my sleep for me each night) however I couldn't stay on it due to the stomach side effects."" So, it seems Lithium was helping you with both mania and depression, and Seroquel is not helping with the depression. But you cling to it for sleep. There are other ways to get to sleep. My psychiatrist does not 
like health food pills for sleep, etc., for she says they have not been tested, as have doctor pills. So, if the Melatonan doesn't help, you can get a sleeping pill. As for 600 mg of Lithium working for you, as it does for me, some people are more sensitive to medicine than others, and it doesn't take a full dose to work. It was the same with me for Mirtazapine anti-depressant. I was on 15 mg of that for probably 3 or 4 years. I would take it at bedtime, lay down, and 15 or 20 minutes later, my toes would start to twitch and I would be starving and have get up and eat a 2nd supper. I did this for 3 or 4 years, thinking it was the laying down which caused my toes to twitch. Turned out it was the Mirtazapine anti-depressant. My psy. cut the pill in half to 7.5 mg and the side effects never happened again. Again, I'm more sensitive to medicine than most people. We need to tailor the medicine to our sensitivity level, not the doctor's."
175986164,I had a similar night last night....woke up a couple hours fell back asleep then woke up again for like three hours then back to sleep....
175986165,It will help you sleep
175986166,lol yes I meant MDs
175986167,Yes I did lol
175986168,Good morning! Yeah I get feelings from my environment too really strongly. That's why I complain about my environment all the time and change things around.
175986169,Idk. I had solid back to back records (paper trail) of hospitalization from 17. Ssa bases it all off records.
175986170,"Yeah been a bit obsessed. Time just flies by, it's a good way to relax lol"
175986171,Exercise is great for endorphins! I feel great when I lift weights.
175986172,I'll say 8-9 years for anhedonia cure cuz I said 10 years a little over a year ago =]
175986173,How fun!
175986174,"Love this tattoo but have no tolerance for pain or permanence....I remember wanting it years ago when I felt it would remind me of how strong I actually am. I was going to get it made into a custom fake that you get a few copies of and wear when you feel the need. It was going to go into my emergency bag in case I ended up back in the ward again...because that’s when I would need a reminder.... Just came to mind, thought I’d share...."
175986175,"Only my prescribed, no supplements so far."
175986176,They're shutting down my states borders since people here keep fleeing and spreading infection to other states around the country
175986177,Yes!! Meds and supplements! Yay me! Happy dance!
175986178,Yes both. I see my doc on the 17th. I’ve begged my pharmacy for interim meds.... they won’t give me any
175986179,Does she journal? It could be a source of strength to document what she's going through. Or a video log etc.
175986180,"Charging my headphones, it won't be much longer to wait. I'm hungry again and they don't bring me snacks anymore. I have massive quantities of peanut butter and I'll have to eat that. This week I'm feeling strongly that I want to go home. But I feel like I can't because if I get free from my committal my family might have to support me for who knows how long. And of course, my friend. So far, I think they are allowing visits outside with an appointment. I should find out about that. Still can't touch and have to both wear masks. Sit 6 feet apart."
175986181,"Amen, _PERSON_, amen... I needed happy music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYDmu8Hk13M _PERSON_ is the greatest pianist alive today. In all honesty, I'm unaware if she's still performing, she's 70, but boy could she hit whatever emotion the piece called for. Her performance of _PERSON_ 12 Etudes are the best you'll ever hear. Everyone else reads ""Etudes"" and thinks ""Oh golly, I've got to play these as fast as I possibly can!"" An Etude is, by definition, a short piece for one instrument, to either improve the technique of the player or showcase their skill. _PERSON_ had 24 Etudes, in two separate points in time, and there are some of them that you think ""yes, play it as fast as you possibly can!"" until you hear it done, and then you think ""Oh no! Stop!"" Here's a prime example of that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ-NAgDpRVs _PERSON_ was a world class pianist, but good god, that sounds so wrong! Here's how it's supposed to sound. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUVCGsWhwHU Just that litt
le, tiny change in the tempo of the piece changes EVERYTHING. Is it impressive that _PERSON_ can play it that fast? Yes. extremely! But that doesn't mean he should. It almost sounds like a joke piece when it's played that fast, like something you'd hear in a _NAME_ and _NAME_ cartoon. It's astonishing to listen to these musicians play their instruments, on pieces that are centuries old, that they have no way of knowing how the composer truly wanted it to be played. _PERSON_ first piano sonata - in a single movement - was the first thing he ever composed, and to me, it's one of the best things he ever composed. I listen to _PERSON_ play it on MP3 (god knows I've searched for it on vinyl) and it's a beautiful. I listen to the performance I have on vinyl, and it's about two and a half minutes shorter (_PERSON_ is only 8 minutes long). I can enjoy the faster approach, but I don't know. _PERSON_ the only performer I've heard take a slower approach to it. Maybe _PERSON_ called for a higher tempo, and maybe _PERSON_ 
saw something about it that he felt made the lower tempo appropriate. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APxweGUCqIs Heck"
175986182,"I've been binge watching Criminal Minds, such a great show, I used to watch it on TV a long time ago, it's nice that they have it all on Netflix"
175986183,Skillet - Awake and Alive
175986184,Bought white chrysanthemums for my room
175986185,Finally got an appointment for psychiatrist! April 13th. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986186,"I can't find a thread about OCD--Is there one available, I may be looking in the wrong place maybe?? I have a mild case of OCD and think it qualifies as an anxiety disorder...Just curious if there is a place to talk about OCD here?? --ParisNavy 8-]]"
175986187,Just talked to the fiances mom and see how she's doing
175986188,So my mom is getting out of the hospital yay!
175986189,“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.” -_NAME_ of _PERSON_ I love this quote @ BB..
175986190,"SO, the yeah of 2020 is almost done, am i elated? no. Another year awaits! Bugger, more grist for the mill, i guess. Until i am deceased i must push on, alike our ancestors did, in harder times. Much has been learnt from this year, in all of its forms, including loss, pain, chaos and suffering, and that no one is immune. The compassionate mind needs to promoted, and people living with bi polar do understand these concepts, understand the complexities of chaos and the good bad and ugly of it, from it, well for me anyway, but i am a aging eccentric! Even in these times i have done a lot, some studies, getting my case for my scooter in, and i was buying another till i ran into some deception on aliexpress! Being sorted. Back doing walking laps in the pool, and have bought a smart watch to help me with movement and recording, etc, and for some safety. My back garden is all lit up with nice solar garden lights, put in a intercom, video as well it has, no need to open the door, around here it is a must. 
Have put in a claim, with my occupational therapist and dr's assistance for a fence and gate. Am keeping the grass plants nice. Been involved a little in a garden plot and art ctr, get back into it in jan. Have made a windchime already. Will be engaging in an employment pathways program in jan, set up, voluntary stuff, etc. From the course, the foundations in peer mental health work i am aiming to do the cert4 in peer mental health work in the second semester of 2021. My bro is much more sorted, we have pushed very hard. So no changes, except an increase in pain, and i have 2 cataracts making themselves right at home, one in each. Those who know me, know me eyes are stuffed already, these are just a watch n see, see, lol. Growing old disgracefully i shall! Am aching, neck, so i am up. Keep strong, best for 2021 to you all. HT."
175986191,Feeling good today. Bit bored. I better not smoke weed and possibly ruin it but it might help ^-;
175986192,"Good morning, slept through the night Maintenance will be over soon to finish up the ceiling."
175986193,I’m tracking my calories again I can’t help myself.
175986194,"No worries, no worries. I hope I didn't cause you to feel uncomfortable."
175986195,Very depressed
174383089,Here's a red velvet cake roll recipe How to Make a Red Velvet Cake Roll | _NAME_'s Baking Addiction I made one of a pumpkin log before from a recipe a friend from here on PC gave me. They're fun to make
175986196,"Having sammich for dinner. Only one side of the walls left to do tomorrow, then the ceiling, then I’ll be done and can start decorating."
175986197,"I’m sorry to hear you are having turmoil. I think it’s incredibly smart that you want to be selective and weed out anyone who shows red flags of being abusive ahead of time. Maybe you could carry this “selectiveness” on, and keep it during the dating process where you are still looking for red flags. This dude is just wanting to be a friend, which he’s said. Where he’s going wrong is making plans and flaking on you. Now, I think there’s a few problems. You’d like a relationship, so this isn’t the guy for you. If you pushed him, he may pull away. That may trigger you. Also, you deserve someone who does what they say they’re going to do. Not someone who cancels on you repeatedly. I think it’s good that you stood up for yourself and texted about his behavior. Yes, sometimes it’s hard when others don’t respond to a message. But in this case, try to think of the reasons he is not a good mate for you. You deserve someone who is dependable and wants a reciprocal relationship. You 
are worthy and loveable, because you’re YOU. You are worth finding the right person who treats you respectfully"
175986198,? I’ve gotta do.... 10 page paper Abstract Poster with presentation 3-5 page paper 3-5 page paper Reflection Commentary Due in the next two weeks.....working on it slowly.....
175986199,"Yeah I think it may be the APs I'm on. one of the problems also is that I haven't had coffee in several weeks and am not getting any till next weekend, I feel like a zombie without it, coffee is like my favorite thing ever, I drink it all day"
175986200,Stewing my Korean tofu stew with pork... waiting for the rice to cook. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986201,Thank you for the replies.
175986202,"The aquarium was fantastic. We got there like an hour early. So we had a snack in the car and then walked around the harbor looking at the boats, and looked at the waterfall by the aquarium. We saw so many fish, turtles, coral, sand dollars, sea horses, penguins, puffins, sea lions, sea horses, jellies!!!!, sharks, sting rays, birds--I got to feed the lorakeets! That was super fun! It was a really nice day. Best birthday I have had in years. Attached Images Jelly Fish.jpg (170.4 KB, 7 views)"
175986203,I'm trying to limit my news watching because the election stuff is stressing me out too much. I watch a little in the morning and then I don't want to watch any more. My parents and I voted opposite so that's fun. Sigh. They try watching FOX news and I'm like turn that off! Watch it when I'm not home!
175986204,"I had a half day of work today, so I worked on my hobby, and it moved me to tears where it brought me. I still have a lot of time to get some details right, but, regardless, it brings purpose."
175986205,"Fleabag takes a couple of episodes to warm up... but it is very clever, irreverent and humorous. El Marginal, Gomorrah, Enemigo Intimo are also dark and interesting subtitled series. V addictive."
175986206,Happy birthday! =]
175986207,So far I've only taken my prescribed.
175986208,Meatball sub with a Pepsi ?
175986209,"called php after hours number, they're gonna tell the doc about akathisia"
175986210,Hope it helps and you don't have any issues I take 1200 mg (600 in the morning and another 600 at night )
175986211,Thank you! I'm glad to see you guys there.
175986212,My aunt got her 1st vaccine today. My country uses Sinovax from China. Hope she’ll be okay
175986213,"I had too much caffeine today between the 4 cups of coffee, the can of coke and all the chocolate I ate. Will stick with just water for awhile and see how that goes. Oh and 2 cups of decaf on top of that. They only have like 3-5 mg caffeine in them each but still, on top of everything else."
175986214,clean clothes showered perfume bought myself breakfast
175986215,"I miss feeling euphoric all the time and I feel like my brain is in slow motion,I feel slowed down mentally and physically.. I'm just laying in the dark"
175986216,"I'm on a 6 day streak with Italian on duolingo, it's coming more naturally since I've been studying it on and off for a few years and the college course I took on it. I'm hoping to keep up with studying it, long term and consistently now. Looking into things that help improve memory. Eggs do, so I've been eating those (not fried of course, scrambled without oil) and music (especially instrumental), art, learning languages, learning in general, exercise, taking walks, getting good sleep. I'm doing all that and it's all helping"
175986217,"I am so sorry for what you are going thru. I believe you have to be married 7-10 years, and then can become a citizen. I think the ACLU might be able to help you get a green card, than you can start the process to become a citizen. I don't know where you are from, but maybe you can find others from your native country to help you. Search in your community for churches that have a large fellowship from your native country. You should not have to go home. Best wishes."
175986218,"Went to my apartment for a few hours, it went well. Just trying to slowly get acclimated to living there. I did get a bit paranoid though, just have to breathe deeply."
174383127,"Schizophrenia, doesn't have to mean a life time of suffering. I met a woman with schizophrenia when I was in transitional housing. We got along and eventually decided to rent an apartment together. At first she had a little trouble managing, but then she got on a new med, and it was like her life changed over night. She found a job, got off disability, and eventually moved into her own apartment. I'm still in touch with her and she's doing great. The only reminder in her life that she has it, is she has to see her psychiatrist once a month, and take her med every day. For what it's worth, I'm on more meds than she is. splitimage"
175986219,"Played a game on the VR called “Where Do Thoughts Go?”. The game asks u questions and u record your response and can hear others responses. Questions like “when did u first fall in love?” And “what advice would u give to your younger self”. Etc. peoples responses were very sad a lot of them. I started crying real bad when it asked me the question, “describe someone you miss”. I miss my grandpa. My dads dad. Never got to meet him or my grandma."
175986220,"the scent of woodsmoke on?the breeze,? until a _NAME_ blows? dropping vibrant leaves swirling round until? crunching beneath my feet ?on the ground colors glow forth,? amidst the smell of damp ?from a light rain, ?just hours ago pumpkins smiling ?at the peak of harvest ?the corn comes golden scarecrows stand watch? as black birds pick the? choicest morsels? from the crops cider of apples pressed the old way,? by water wheel donuts, freshly fried? scent the air? as children play? near the river snug in sweaters,? soft not scratchy ?never wanting to go..."
175986221,That sounds like an awesome place for you bluebird ?
175986222,"I watched ""Finding your Feet"" on a friend's netflix this weekend. Kind of cute, kind of sad. Kind of happy. Kind of funny."
175986223,"These ones are 80% cotton 20% milky fiber (I have no idea what milky fiber is). Not sure about the quality because I don’t know anything yet about yarn, but it’s really soft"
175986224,"Yeah, I like to color and draw and make cards for people. I don't know what I need 100 colors for though. Trying to justify it in my head. I did just get two unexpected checks worth about $500.00 combined so...."
174383044,"I'm breaking down deeply and my identity and ego are being obliterated. I enjoy it though. I only like pain within reason.. Eh I might as well just write a long post... Where do I start?.. Everything I know is all I know. It's different from other people. There's bad people that run the world - And I seek to understand the whole thing. But I don't have the brain power or willpower.. But why? I find it hard to relax and sit still. It's been like this since I was a child - But give me a competition (Like with the smartest kid in the class) and I could focus like crazy on just plain numbers that I didn't understand the meaning of - Just how to use them. I'm reading a book about mathematics and geometry in relation to reality - And so far I've read a bit and starting to understand. Everything is in my own pace. I think I might be the hardest person on my self than anyone in the world is on their self - Which means that I think I'm the least hardest on myself. I have bad OCD - It's crazy. I was first di
agnosed with OCD before schizophrenia. Maybe it is just completely pure obsessive OCD... But they're just labels. If people have told me all my life that I was smart and I was praised for doing things so easily, I don't feel the need to show anyone in the world what I can do. I haven't went through enough pain to grow - So I'm sitting here, unaccomplished in anything but fighting the abuse, brainwashing and manipulation from authority figures (Including mostly ex my step dad) in my head - While having my real parents praise me - I was confused and didn't understand. That and the isolation from avoidant personality - Being too modest to think that I need to break the barrier of fitting in with anyone due to fear of being hurt. I can't imagine how people's brains just function without 12 hours of sleep that they're able to stay up all night and read or watch a movie without having that feeling of novelty like ""Well, I've done enough - I feel accomplished - Because I mostly failed at the same time"". Try day by 
day little by little - But the world has put pressure on me, - as well as my parents dying soon, fear of going insane and being admitted to the psych ward, ending up in a group home all connected to not being able to advocate for myself is my worst fear. And I can't think about suicide - But I think about it occasionally. I made a rule for myself to just fight for the death at this point because there's something really deep that I believe in in - And that's myself. The asexuality (Which is really hard for people to understand because it's rare - Especially when I say that I know what attractiveness is in both genders), my ability to be compassionate easier than others because of empathy, my experiences, my certain special strengths, my suffering, my potential, my weird sense of humour, acceptance of who I am, how I'm positive and want to always lift people up - Even in my darkest of times, wanting good for everything and to explain myself to the world truthfully. I heard one person saying today that ""People 
that don't contribute to society should be executed"". I've heard another person say that too from a different source. The way I think of it is.. 1. Amount of money, 2. Quality of life.. If 1 is lower than 2 compared to another person where 2 is higher than 1, isn't that what the cast system in India is all about or rather, what life is about? - It can go either ways compared to everyone else in a whole society - But these people have a point. It brings me back to the drug war and ""Heroin addicts deserve to die - It's natural selection"", ""Prostitutes made a choice"" - But it's all the necessary brew that made up the evil in this world - Drug war being racist, sex being a religious taboo.. Although I find it weird how people are so obsessed with the way they look, myself included - Maybe life is just procreate and die? And I want to skip procreation and just wait to die? No. No. No. I can see past ALL of the ******** that society and culture is trying to condition me to be.. That's why I'm considered to hav
e schizophrenia maybe. It's all connected. ""I think schizophrenia is the absence of cultural expectation"" - _NAME_. People want to be clean, messy - Clean is attractive and logical to some people and messy is repulsive and creative to some people - For me I'm trying to organize an extremely disorganized mind. Maybe I need to trip again if I want to get another head start - Still underdeveloped than anyone else. Apparently my brain is finished developing at age 25 - They told my I will be able to stop my antipsychotic by then - So doesn't this all tie into the identity and ego thing, decision making, culture and reality? There's definitely a connection that I can't articulate properly - But I'm putting all of my faith in staying strong and that's literally what I live and die for - The sociopath/borderline/narcissistic trash talking people helped me in a way because I always seek these things out, learning from the dark side and my suffering."
175986225,Thank you!!!
175986226,"Phylogentically it was vice versa, but the result is the same. I used to say: ""Man as the crown of creation: one and a half pound of brain mass without operation manual two legs stuck in the @$$ and let him go"""
175986227,"I don't think they will pay for it. I have been doing okay the way things are. If it is expensive there I imagine it is here too. It is all about the coin _NAME_. Pharma and insurance companies. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986228,Hope you feel better!
175986229,Does anybody actually use this website? I see some posts but no one really responding. Just trying to see if this website is worth my time. Thanks
175986230,Sometimes I feel mentally weak and just closing my eyes for 2 minutes helps.
175986231,"Yes, I showered, washed my hair and got dressed."
175986232,Iced Tea...
175986233,Am taking them now.
175986234,Do cicadas count as locusts? Just trying to figure out which horseman we’re on now.....
175986235,It is tho ain’t it???
175986236,"My roommate just shook my hand again (in the middle of a pandemic, way to earn my disgust) and informed me that she likes to have the heat on for some reason or other. This seems to be a way for people to impose themselves on others. My last roommate from last week also wouldn't allow the AC on. I was very glad to lose her. But now I have another just like her. She turned the ****ing heat on, no matter how I want the temp cool in summer, what I want doesn't matter. Not even an offer to compromise. I'm not sure what to do. The SW is on vacation until Monday. The first two nights in this room were so hot it was miserable."
175986237,Just finished watching documentaries about the homeless and the Mennonites. I’m so glad that my passion to learn new things is back again. Years of long depression took that out from me. I’m slowly getting my passion back.
175986238,It may not affect you...I know you don’t have a grm mutation....flipside haldol could be neurotoxic in some people.....hard to know.
175986239,"Sorry, busy morning....went to the grocery, got my moms _PERSON_ socks, cake is in the oven....smells good....dishwasher is running so I can have clean stuff to make frosting. Just went with the candles that say happy bday as a topping....no time for polars since I didn’t see fondant."
175986240,I can relate to that feeling of hopelessness. I am 61 and have struggled with depression throughout my life. Right now I am focused on journaling and taking walks to help deal. One thing I do from time to time is write down things that I am grateful for. That usually eases my depression some. You have some health stuff going on and that can really make depression worse. I went through some pretty bad health issues for about 2 years and it was really tough. My heart is with you. Hang in there. I wish you the best and I understand how painful it can be. Persevere!
175986241,Off til monday. Thank ya jesus.
175986242,"Hello hnzrona, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175986243,"My appointment went well yesterday, didn’t even see the doctor just had a long intake with a social worker. Hope everyone is doing ok Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175986244,"Went grocery shopping then to the library Going to attempt to cook turkey burgers tonight without burning the apartment building down, I'm still wary of using the stove in my new place since I've only used it a couple times and I'm just anxious about things like that in general anyway."
175986245,"Ooh. well, maybe you were just hungry. Hope so."
175986246,Just had a glass of chocolate vanilla soy milk
175986247,_PERSON_ - The Paramour Sessions album
175986248,Good luck on the interview _AT_MENTION_
175986249,"Yes I thought u were doing ok too. I did not know, fr. Please keep sight of the future and all the amazing things u will accomplish."
174383145,Abilify made me so agitated and have insomnia
175986250,Did you go straight to becoming a smoker after that?
175986251,"Hey everyone, I suffer from depression, anxiety, and PTSD. I also have auditory hallucinations. I've been dating my girlfriend for over two years now. Shes been with me through gaining 60 lbs, taking tons of medication, therapy, self-pity, and suicide attempts. In that time we moved in together and adopted a dog. She suffers from depression herself and I hate myself for not being happier. The auditory hallucinations and all that we've been through make me feel like she's being really mean and hates me. I try talking to her and it seems like shes over it. I'm not sure what to do."
175986252,"Had a tuna sandwich, apple sauce, and Doritos for lunch."
175986253,"Negative: My blog's viewership has been flat lining the past month. I feel like my future is uncertain. I wish I had a social worker on my side. Positive: Containing things in negative, neutral, and positive makes me _USER_ID_ my thoughts and I think it has been helping me not dwell as much since. I bought season 5 of better call _NAME_ on amazon. It felt good to finally post on my blog today."
175986254,Yay!!! My sister got the internet service set up so I’ll be getting a modem and stuff sent to me in a few days
175986255,"I had two days off and slept most of the time. I feel fine now. Tomorrow, I work again!!"
175986256,"Your conure starting WWIII, pray tell? See, this is why I'm a snake person! Birds are unique because they're more autonomous as beings than domesticated animals like dogs but more socially capable and interactive than domesticated animals like cats. Unfortunately, the amount of time they need for socialization, and their capacity of depth in bonding is too intense, for me. Snakes are autonomous and can be charmingly interactive (if they so choose to be), and they have a wonderful incredible grounding presence. They don't get angry or vindictive, but if you cross boundaries, most will very clearly let you know. I appreciate that you can develop a strong connection with them, but they're wild animals and demand respect; they will never be able to be ""domesticated"" Sometimes intelligence is questionable though, my girl let her tail drop on her head when she was climbing down from something and then acted like I was to blame for knocking her upside the head. But how is that not loveable AF? On a less 
positive note, unlike a bird or any other more typical pet, a snake would eat its human if it was really, really hungry and big enough. That's not desirable at all, but can be circumvented if you keep them well fed. So I guess it's po-tat-o or pot-at-oe One will start WWIII and the other isn't above eating it's human for dinner."
175986257,"gonna do it again tomorrow. And also get 30,000 steps in. Got 20,000 the other day"
175986258,Good morning. About to make some coffee.
175986259,"_PERSON_, I am glad you had such nice time with your brother and got to meet them finally. _NAME_, I dislike hot weather myself so I am feeling happy for you enjoy it. Today when I talked to my mom I used that chance to look at shingles scars behind my leg. I was like ""*** it, I look at it now or I will never do that."" then I did it without thinking and I didn't feel bad. I actually realized that such behaviors are sort of ritual like things in order to avoid some emotions or avoid pretty much anything that I can't/couldn't face. I guess it's a sort of coping mechanism."
175986260,"Sorry she's having a hard time coping with the diagnosis, it must be very difficult"
175986261,"You are a good person, _PERSON_. What about contacting that psychiatrist?"
175986262,"On Thursday, I traveled to Rhode Island for the first time in a long time. It had been a long time since I had traveled outside of Maine because of the virus. I came back to Maine on Friday. It's nice to be back home."
175986263,Scrambled eggs and iced coffee
175986264,Wish I hadn't agreed to work a double today 7am to 9pm
175986265,"My mom called. Acting all weird and upset at my sister due to each other not calling each other for weeks. Then she started bashing my sisters husband. _PERSON_ “well I hope they got to use that Triple A I paid for, for them, because (name of husband) surely doesn’t have it”. I’m done with that bs."
175986266,"EMDR is an eye movement therapy. And EMDR stands for Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing, just for those who didn't already know."
175986267,"I am happy you got quick results. Do keep us posted. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175986268,"Gotta clean tomorrow. Other than that just doing my typical hobbies. Oh I forgot, tomorrow is Sunday so I can watch a live-streamed mass in the morning. One thing about this whole situation is it's brought me back closer to my faith after struggling with it for awhile"
174383177,whether you have schizophrenia or not I like your brain and how it works.
175986269,"Gonna use my next two days off, and tonight to catch up on my video games (see: pokemon) and draw, write, etc in my sketchbook because I have to return it by first week of February and I only did two pages so far!"
175986270,"Eh nvm I'll stay up for a bit. I feel so much better that the olanzepine, clonazepam and atenolol kicked in. Much calmer. I had a thought that I would never be the same again. It's like my whole mental state completely changes to being on a psychedelic trip and that I'd trip forever. The psychotic delusions don't help either. I need to buy foot warmers. My feet are ALWAYS cold while dissociating."
175986271,Jealous lol
175986272,I had a depressing weekend. And I forgot what I was going to say.
175986273,Good morning
174383175,"It’s good that you reached out for help. I also have bipolar and am on Lithium for the mania and Mirtazapine anti-depressant for the depression. You said, “I suffer from Bipolar , depression and anxiety disorder."" You also said, “I'm currently taking Cymbalta 60mg. 1x a day, and I have Xanax but don't take it b/c it makes me feel worse the next day.” Webmd.com says: “Cymbalta (duloxetine) is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor antidepressant (SSNRI). “Cymbalta is used to treat major depressive disorder in adults. It is also used to treat general anxiety disorder in adults….” Well, that deals with the depression part of bipolar, or manic-depression, and Cymbalta also helps with the anxiety that you talked about . But what medication are you taking for mania? You mention anxiety (“I can't work because my anxiety is so bad it literally makes me feel paralyzed”) and depression (“I am also depressed and can not concentrate.”) You then say, “I am arguing 
with my family and have terrible mood swings.” So you do have mood swings. Healthline.com says about mania: ""Mania is a state of elevated mood. During manic episodes, you may feel very high-spirited, energetic, and creative. You may also feel irritable. You may engage in high-risk behaviors, such as substance abuse or increased sexual activity. You may spend money foolishly, make bad investments with your money, or behave in other reckless ways. “Manic episodes can last for a week or longer” So if you have the mania also, are you taking anything for that? Again, I take Lithium for the mania and Mirtazapine for the depression. If you’re only taking an antidepressant and you are bipolar, it can throw you into mania. It has me. These ailments are often inherited, as in my case for I got my bipolar from my mother’s mother. It can skip a generation. My mother did not have that condition. Is there anxiety or bipolar in your family? Also, this same grandmother of mine who had bipolar, there were no, or ve
ry few, psychological medicines for mental illness at that time, 1930s and 1940s. She spent her life in a mental institution 150 miles from her house and diagnosed as schizophrenic because they didn’t know about bipolar at that time. So, we can be glad they have medicines today that treat these conditions. Very glad."
175986274,I bought some matcha green tea powder. Gonna try making a matcha latte sometime
175986275,Groceries and an iTunes card
174383191,"I don't go around people all the time and tell them I'm schizophrenic. However, Autism is more widely accepted than schizophrenia. If Autism answers the reason why you feel differently than others maybe it's worth finding out? Not so much for telling people what you have but more so a way of finding out how your mind works and being able to fit into social norms."
175986277,Fruit loops are a hidden gem
175986278,Linkin Park's album Reanimation
175986279,"I don't really feel like I have hope that things will get better, but I feel like sometimes I can manage to find moments of beauty or happiness in life that make it worth wanting to stick around and not end everything. It is strange, because most people would identify their reasons to live as really big things, but often when I am the most depressed, I find that it's strangely small things that tip the balance in favor of staying alive a while longer."
175986280,I did use a mix. Idk what I did wrong. I mean they were good hot but when they got cold they were hard as a rock.
175986281,Yeah I mean th cancer is bad but my biggest fear for her and my sister is covid since they’re both on chemo they’re totally low in blood counts.....it would be the difference between a few weeks and possibly years.....
175986282,"I've actually been thinking of getting an inexpensive piano keyboard, if Amazon will ship it now. That is if I get the check Congress is promising. It's like 100 or some dollars, plus a book. Not likely I would ever play with someone else, but just to try to teach myself with headphones."
175986283,I didn’t realize how old sassy looks. She looks worn and a bit tired.
175986284,"I'm a mess today. I'm feeling general anxiety (my mind is constantly thinking of things to be anxious about ) and I also feel depressed. Just sad about a lot of things - some that have to do with my life and others about the world in general. I know the feelings will pass, it's just hell waiting for them to do so. Feedback encouraged."
175986285,_PERSON_ King (Acoustic)
175986286,Watching Dr. _NAME_ on YouTube. He's a psychologist and has some interesting videos related to psychology and also some good case study type/analysis videos
175986288,Still looks pretty darn cool!!!
175986289,Watched _NAME_ today at work on Amazon Prime (free for Prime members). It's an old 80's movie about a little girl who runs away and ends up with these criminals who just love her to pieces. It always makes me cry but I love it. It's a movie I used to watch over and over as a child.
175986290,This is stressful. I don't like it.
175986291,Sucks bluebird.....hugs....feel better soon.
175986292,Thanks for sharing your goals _AT_MENTION_! Wow....50 books! That's a lot. It's like one a week almost! Let's see. My goals: Lose weight Exercise Keep not self harming Keep reading through the Bible with my parents Start playing the piano again. That's all I can think of.
175986293,"Nice. I get mine today, too. In a couple hours."
175986294,I get up around 4 or 5 am. But I go to sleep around 8 pm. It doesn't let me have much of a life.
175986295,"Ugh. My pharmacy. They said they ordered the Vyvanse but they haven't gotten it in. So the only thing they can do is contact my doctor and have him send a prescription to another pharmacy. I'm like, I get this filled every month. Why do you not have it? They are like, it is out of our control. I'm going to be so messed over if I cannot get my Vyvanse. I'll be like a Zombie."
175986296,"(Copy/paste from bipolar check in thread, really don't want to retype it all) Hey y'all. Sorry for the radio silence. I've had a rough go of it lately. My last post, I was in a psych ward after... (triggered because of explanation, not necessarily graphic nature, but could still be triggering) Possible trigger: ...a suicide attempt that put me in the medical hospital back on the 15th of August. I had to spend 3 days in ICU and 3 in a regular room. I had some serious neurological complications, like standing and walking issues, that got better after a few days, but I'm also still having some tremors in my hands even now. I also had a couple moments of acting out of character for myself that resulted in my being restrained, which really frightened me, when I woke up and started becoming aware again. And I was confused when they told me why... because I knew it was two things *I* would never do... and I'm having some aphasia now, too. I'm having issues recalling words for things that I want to say. I 
can remember words told to me that I'm asked to remember just fine, but when I'm speaking, I'll randomly come across a word that I can't recall for the life of me. It was ""wonton soup"" the other day and ""practical"" today. That last post was on the 21st. I started running a fever shortly after that and having some medical symptoms... on the 23rd, the psych facility sent me to the ER to get checked out after a fever of 102 and not being able to register a blood pressure. I ended up having a really serious kidney infection that had gone septic. I had to spend 3 days in ICU and another 7 in a regular room for IV antibiotics. Then I was sent to a different psych hospital, because the one I had been at was full at that point, and spent 7 days there. So, all in all, I spent 25 days in the hospital. With two brief ambulance ride and one cab trip in there. Didnt get to go home at all during that time."
174383202,"Yes I took all of my morning medications, and I did get my Rexulti 4mg delivered last night so I was able to take that last night and didn't have to resort to taking some old 3 mg's. I do better on the 4's."
175986297,3 more days til my interview
175986298,Mediteranian pizza and my crazy pills. this morning I bought some vinegar and salt lays chips for lunch.
175986299,"Bb I was gonna say, if u get game pass, get rocket league. I had never downloaded it cuz I thought it was a trash kids game, but it’s actually very fun and addicting. It’s like soccer but u play with cars, not a human. It’s actually really cool! Now I know why they have game tournaments for it!"
175986300,I google my name often to see what I find and this forum never comes up. My Instagram never even comes up and my Facebook is locked up right. I’ve never reverse searched images though hmm.
175986301,Happy birthday JunkDNA and Happy Easter everyone! Today I’m going to my sisters for a nice Easter dinner then I’m gonna watch Easter mass. Oh and catch up on my year long daily Bible study. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
174383222,EADDF940-975A-4694-92F8-3D05655316C3.jpg Schizophrenic Collage about my loss.
175986302,"Today was a beautiful day but I didn’t even get out of bed. I drank too much last night and when this has happened in the past, I wake up super depressed. Today I felt like a loser, a failure, embarrassed, stupid, and very sad. I’m hoping tomorrow is a better day."
175986303,"Nope, not yet. I get off a half hour early today, at 4 PST. Usually I get off at 4:30 PM but the general manager wanted to leave a little early today. So I came in early so I wouldn't lose any hours. Just over 3 hours to go until my holiday starts! Of course, I have therapy tonight, and I have to tell T how suicidal I've been. I hope I don't end up at the ER or in the hospital for the holiday."
175986304,"I haven't checked my pulse in a long time *checks*.. 71bpm... It is beating nicely. I have tamed it. And I still get to use a stimulant. Before atenolol, I used to lie down on the floor all the time and check my pulse because the slower beating made my OCD go away - But I had to be constantly checking my pulse.. and when I wasn't checking, I had anxiety about checking. I told my doctor that I'll stay on the atenolol for another year or so. He said that I can go off of it any time I want and if it doesn't work, just go back on it. I have so much to write about and so much to do but I have to chose what to do with my time wisely. I'm gonna focus on mysticism, spirituality, philosophy and meditation while listening to music. I want to keep a balance of that and amateur scientific research and logic (Cuz I'm out of the matrix now). I bought 1-2 months worth of medicinal fungi."
175986305,"Yes, took all my morning meds, and supplements! Yay me!"
175986307,I see pictures as people are talking to me. So I don't think I have this. People often ask me what I'm laughing at. I wish I could show them.
174383213,I'm almost certain there's absolutely nothing wrong with me up to three or four percent of the time.
175986309,I took my prescribed but I haven't taken any supplements yet.
175986310,Yes I did.
175986311,Three Days Grace - Riot
175986312,"The type of mania I get is manic anger and acute depression, like depression that makes me want to grab an ice pick and stab my eye out acute depression. This is the first mistake this doctor has made. I should have shut my mouth and just took the ancient anti psychotic, but it wouldn't work anyway im sure. This is a big set back. I have to--I must--show up for work every day without fail for the next month."
175986313,"I qualify for all diagnostiic criteria still i cant relate to this pretentious gibberish Interpretations......from schizoid characters through their smartass psychologist builders https://iahip.org/inside-out/issue-56-w ... tal-period No i dont feel any suffering for not having intimare relationship with anyone No i dont have any feeling of being trapped in a vomb No i dont have any identity of belonging problematic, im not depersonalized No i dont fear rejection from anyone No i cannot be suicidal if rejected Since i have allready rejected us both from having conversations, you are allways 50% responsibly for our failure No i dont desire to experience intimacy , since i find tenderness feminine and shamefull Can anyone agree with me above this $#%^? No matter what you say im more schizoid than you"
175986314,I heard something last night that sounded like gunshots but I wasn’t 100% certain then my apartment manager rang my doorbell today and said there was a shooting outside last night but nobody got hurt. My care manager came by today. She said I can get ready to graduate the program in the next few months. So I’ll no longer have/need a care manager anymore. I’ve been with them for over like 5 years so that’s a big thing.
175986315,Yuuuummm. Might bbq tomorrow.
175986316,I'm really depressed. I care about nothing. But I'm going to keep trying...
175986317,It doesn't seem to be so.
175986319,Xbox Series X and PS5 games will very likely be $69.99 MSRP. The developers of NBA 2k21 have stated the price. Skip to 4:49 here to look at the pricing chart: YouTube
175986320,Is this just starting for you? It reminds me of how my voices used to be just in my mind but very clearly voices and not me. Anyway they later progressed to full auditory hallucinations where I was hearing things externally.
175986321,How does one combat the brain fog induced by Klonopin. I am really at a loss here.
175986322,I have a package coming today. It’s the maple syrup
175986323,I think dentists should just keep a dish of klonopin at the register like candy....
174383200,"Hello, firstly excuse this post for being a little disjointed. I was first hospitalized 5 years ago for a major psychotic episode. I’ve been hospitalized several times since then and diagnosed from schizoaffective down to bipolar with psychotic symptoms. Even if I don’t want others to know and will never admit my diagnoses, I know I am both schizophrenic and bipolar II, I have the symtomology of both as well as a mood disorder. But before you think I’m feeling sorry for myself for any of these conditions, I do not. They are my circumstance, and I believe I have it in my power to conquer this fate. So I went into the hospital the first time thinking I could see good and evil in the colors around peoples eyes and that I was being visited by gods and angels, that I was of course some sort or messianic character, and that I had a variety of powers . It was a really confusing and destructive time while I was experiencing the worst of the symptoms, with new delusions forming and paranoias daily. Re
ality was in constant flux. The worst thing I have dealt with is the auditory hallucinations, the voices, and the crippling anxiety and paranoia resulting from how uncomfortable they made me. Voices usually of people I know trying to talk to me convincing me of delusions on the nature of reality. I still can completey shake the feeling of being on some kind of show for aliens. l sPent several nights driving around without my contacts negotiating my contact with the aliens or watever they were who watch and con trying l us to join the reality show my family members, who I believed were wizards and would just not tell me cause I was a squib ( _NAME_ term) and that they were not happy that I was gett By my powers, in the real world no one was aple r to talk about this stuff, it was part of the game. Anyways, back to the voices, sorry I said I was a little disjointed. I’m writing down things I never thought I would share. Some are benign others have a negative shade indeed and are intrusive ones trying to play 
on insecurities or things that are inappropriate to think. All come with emotional shades that seem to be cast at me from outside. Never commands. I wouldn’t listen anyways lol (maybe they knew that) I went to the hospital for the first time three weeks prior to leaving for a top 25 law school. I tried to maintain the mentality of being normal and not letting anyone find out that I was “special,” but I admit I fell to pieces, pretty fast. I was convinced I was having conversations with everyone I encountered and that no one was allowed to talk about it out loud. That I had figured out some secret element of society and reality that I just hadn’t been privy to before. I had unlocked it. But, truly I didn’t know who I was or where I was and went from moments of revelation and joy that I was having contact with the Divine and falling into a panicked frenzy where my mind was in a million threads at once, where It felt like the whole world was trying to call me in my head and once, and yet again to a dar
k terrifying place where my life was at risk from my own hand. The hallucinations and delusions have been so varied .l, but I’m not sure if fixating on them anymore instead of leaving the experience in the past and rehashing it to myself is entirely non productive or if it’s important to recognize the states I was in to have a perspective of just how well I am doing now. I worry that thinking about them can cause them to resurface. I have on some level overcome or learned to control and manage much of psychosis, the voices still are there but I can really ignore them most of the time and they do not bring up a response of agitation, fear, and anger. Some just won’t go away and I’ve accepted that. I of course had to leave law school, which is for the best side I thought it was like Hogwarts and was training me to be a psychic. It kinda goes without saying and it took couple years of being in the Step program at Yale, a really amazing program that is ahead of its time in dealing with new psychosis, befo
re I was able to gain any control back in my mind. Medication, therapy, and research into anything that could help mentally led me back into a more sane time plane. I don’t like to use the diagnosis schizophrenic. If anyone talks about it I say that I am bipolar. But I realized over time that with a certain effort of studying and putting ideas into practice that I gained new perspective and mentality that gave me strength in dealings by with symptoms. Many of these ideas were and are weird and strange from books I have read in fiction, but efficacious . Like setting your mind and body into the “heart of stone,” from Name of the Wind. Or cycling my madra from Cradle. The regimen of various antipsychotic medication really took the power out of a lot of the symptoms, but of course the medication is not a cure it only makes the things more manageable through your own mentality and perspective and will. I have done a lot of reading since this happened to try and understand what was going on with me. For a wh
ile I was certain that I was a wizard psychic and was getting into the occult. But it didn’t explain what was really happening and didn’t offer me many tools that helped only reinforced delusions. I was super religious and explored a myriad of faiths. Buddhism though was the most helpful for me. I’ve been in search of things that help and work to help me lead the most functional and best life I can. And then I found Stoicism. In the book series Cradle, the sacred artists use Path Manuals to teach them martial techniques. Finding stoicism, something I misunderstood as being non emotional and serious, felt like finding this kind of manual. The fact that Epictetus “The Manual,” is literally called that added weight to me wanting to find out everything I can. l bought a book Daily Stoic and started working on the things each day and reflecting and noticing so many things aboUt how my mind was functioning. I furthered my exploration into Epictetus, _NAME_ Aurelius, _USER_ID_ the younger, Plutarch, Montai
gne and more. The stuff I am learning to practice is some of the most effective things I have encountered in my attempt to fight against my mental illness. Developing not just the words but the praxis behind being a virtuous person, gave me direction. Quotations and passages on the virtue of courage and how it is developed and fostered, was a particularly useful discourse to follow. I want to continue to explore the power and limitations of stoicism in managing schizophrenia. Stoicism says the mind is the ultimate refuge for a man and a stable constant thing. This is not the case for me. But Ithe challenge of reconciling certain things the stoic stake for granted that I have to struggle to control seems like a worthy pursuit. I have not been to the hospital in two years. I am about to graduate nursing school this August. Of course I can never divulge my illness to anyone in my career. I would like to think I am very high functioning. I wanted to see who else out there is also high functioning and had the same 
illness and was working on tools to combat it. I joined a facebook group but the next day I had to leave, the posts from people reflected a place I had already moved from past mentally and the things I was working on were not there at all. I searched google on a whim for stoicIsm and schizophrenia and in one of the only two relevant responses this site was mentioned in the article. I would like to join the conversations here and community and try and learn more things that help while developing a Stoic philosophical perspective and toolkit. I hope you will have me here, and I look forward to reflecting on the wisdom of the Stoics with you."
175986324,"Thanks I just feel like my psychologist feels she’s over her head talking to me, my doctor feels he’s over his head talking to me, my friends in RL don’t know what to say as I keep ranting about everything, the psychiatrist won’t even call me. I hate to bother everyone with my problems and thoughts and I feel I’m exhausting everyone around me. My mood has been elevated since January and I’m tired. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175986325,Yikes I self-sabotage so much. I had some teaching gigs and I quit the job because I felt like not getting paid for the first class was not a good deal for me. It was like a platform where they take a cut and I felt like it was unfair. I wish I hadn’t done that.
175986326,To me this also sound like anxiety or panic attCk symptoms. So because I have chest pains and no other symptom than I should be ok ?
175986327,My back and neck feels better from the toradol injection. I slept like 15 hours cuz of a xanax and seroquel cuz the toradol was giving me akathisia. I don't like my muscles relaxed cuz I get hyper. Vyvanse tenses my muscles up and I like that. I'm preparing for my night shift on saturday so I'm gonna stay awake all night. I'll be drinking a lot of coffee there. My cognition is really bad right now though but i took a stim.
175986328,Electric
175986329,Having a decent day. Been having a pretty good week! Sad though for some reason. I think I just want to be near my dad.
175986330,I finally did ten minutes worth of reading....feel like I at least did something....
175986331,So I’m sitting here sweating dizzy messed up bad from this switch I think they switched me too quick hopefully im gonna be alright cause right now jdk trusting the doctor got me sick from withdrawlsbad now
175986332,And I know they'd take away my Vyvanse. Such ****s.
175986333,"11,000 steps so far, aiming for 20,000 today"
175986334,"I am realizing that I am succeeding in certain ways. I haven't thought about bad things like dropping out of school lately, so that's good. I also haven't had impulsivity lately. Wow is that a relief. I am (kind of) able to live life."
175986335,me too..........
175986336,"I'd like to get back to work, too. I'm probably going to start by volunteering but everyone wants references and I've lost touch with all of mine."
175986337,I opened my window so I'm going to sleep to the sound of rain. Maybe take a little bit of shroom (jk).
175986338,"People are looking; the people she's with. It's hard to explain without going into minute detail, but it seems more like compulsive, attention-seeking behaviour, rather than passive aggression; there's no real underlying anger or resentment in it, as it's arbitrary as to what it's applied to. To the point where I wonder how the hell she manages to get on in work, but she does very well; to the point where she's working with people you mostly see on the UK news. It's a job I couldn't hold down for the length of time she's been doing it. I'm interested to find out why her behaviour switches. Is she influenced by those she's with, and feels like she has to show off to be interesting? Hence being sucked into other people's energy and manic behaviour."
175986339,I totally wish we could lol.....
175986340,"Is that called tinnitis? I spelled it wrong. Can you talk to the doctor about it? I hope you find a remedy. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175986341,I don't have children but have lived with OCD all my life. Just over the last 2 years I have had bouts of anger and don't know where it's coming from. Could be the result of an unhappy marriage. Please get your child to a therapist and a psychiatrist. Keep me updated. Thanks. _NAME_.
175986342,Agreed. It IS hard. But I think you're going to be okay _AT_MENTION_. I don't think they will kick you out.
175986343,I wish I had stuff to read that was actually interesting.
175986344,I bought an unsweetened black iced tea from Starbucks last night.
175986345,"Her: Who did you tell _NAME_ Me: I didn't tell anyone in real life. Her: Just wondering Me: No, I wont tell but if something happens I will feel really guilty. Her: He is really trying to get off it and I am helping him. He wants it out of his life. Me: He needs intervention because people just don't get off it by themselves. Her: I know and I am working on it and getting him the help he needs. Me: get him an addiction counselor or something. You can't take this on on your own with just you. Her: I have been looking getting him into rehabilitation Me: you didn't tell me that. Her: I know. That's the next step for him. We are going to start that soon. I am just waiting to hear back from one. I am supposed to hear something by Monday Me: OK good to know. at least you're doing something. Her: He wants to get the help too. He knows it has to go. And we are working on getting it gone. Me: ok because you didn't tell me this. Her: I should have. But just know we are working on getting it gone. I will keep 
you updated on his recovery Me: That would be awesome because I worry about you and hunter. Her: I know you do Me: and I don't want this be the reason hunter is getting taken away from you. I know you'd be heart broken over that. and if he doesn't do what he's suppose to get out right away because you and hunter don't need that. and if he doesn't do what he's suppose to get out right away because you and hunter don't need that. I trust you do that. Her: I know _NAME_ Me: I love you Her: I love you too _NAME_."
175986346,Same here!
175986347,_PERSON_ Young
175986348,I'm broken up about a long term relationship... I'm lost ...
175986349,Yeah it's always sort of a balancing act (what advice to take from others and what to discard). I applaud you for taking care of your mental health though.
175986350,Morning With my dad. Last night and this morning I’ve been feeling this feeling right in my core. Below my breast line and above my stomach. Like right in the middle of my core where my diaphragm is. It’s like a restless/anxious feeling. It’s very uncomfortable and makes me anxious.
175986351,"Hello _PERSON_, welcome! I can totally relate what you have been going through and I can tell you this much that Panic Disorder is very much manageable. Well at the same time I am going to be honest with you, even though you think that you 100% overcame it, it will visit you from time to time. But at that point please don't be disappointed with yourself because it's a tough nut. And I promise you you will learn to deal with it. I don't know what your feelings are about medication but SSRI medications are successfuly used to treat panic disorder. I believe especially in the beginning of the treatment medication is very important because it gives you the space to focus on your therapy/CBT treatment. I give this example to the people who ask why; Think like this, you have a broken tooth and resulting in unbearable pain. You book time with dentist but you have to wait two days to visit them. You can't sit still with the pain so you have to take meds to ease the pain until you get the real treatment fro
m your dentist. So the treatment which will give you permanent skills to deal with Panic is therapy help and techniques. But you may have extremely hard time focusing on your therapy if you are constantly in panic mode. If you know what I mean. So that was my experience with panic disorder the first time. I started meds with a rather lower dose, then after 2 months or so I started feeling better so I could focus on my therapy. I was not able to sleep, sometimes 2-3 days in a row, before meds. There are many options for fighting panic disorder, it can be debilitating but you will learn how to deal with it. changing your way of thinking (which is something you learn during CBT therapy), meditation and mindfulness practices all help A LOT. Coping skills and calming yourself when panic comes, most importantly knowing the signs of a panic attack will make you act quicker than you think later on, and you will be able to sometimes almost instantly calm yourself. This will give you the courage to face a new period of 
panic anxiety and say ""bring it on b***h, I know how to send you back"" Just don't focus on how many more times in your life you will experience it or if it's going to go away or anything. Just try to feel good daily, follow every step of coping skills and calming practices. Breathing plays a very important role in calming your body and mind. Many symptoms of panic attacks are so bothersome and would even make you rush to the hospital. There are some thought patterns there you can remind yourself when tricky panic symptoms come. Like, when you feel this disturbing head pulsing, shortness of breath, headaches, chest pain, numb exremities, sweating, palpitations, increased heart rate, etc etc, list goes on and on. Test this first, when you feel like you will have panic try to instantly switch your focus to an item nearby, or anything, and ask yourself questions about that item and answer those. See if your symptoms improve. If they do, yes no need to rush to hospital. Same as calling your friend or talk to som
eone at home and give your full focus on the conversation, or at least try. If you notice your headache, palpitations, etc etc is not bothering you anymore, yes, its panic. so these things you learn by going through the pain, but eventually you will know their patterns and be able to calm yourself easily and faster. If you ever need anything we are here, many of us go through panic attacks from time to time, if not daily. Feel well soon, cheers <3"
175986352,"I've been depressed past 2 weeks, at least. I'm starting to wonder if that gap, past 2-3 weeks when I didnt have my vitamin d, if it's making me depressed. I have it now but I don't feel good yet. But I been feeling lethargic past 2 days. I know many doctors have said my labs say my vit D is extremely low."
175986353,"I think so. His father was a police officer with a strong sense of justice. He'd expect everyone to think his way and so, yes, he'd have influenced _NAME_ towards it. But for _NAME_ it would have been justification, not justice, that would be driving him and who's to say who deserves it? There's an old '70s movie called The Star Chamber which you might find interesting in this regard. I like fire."
175986354,"I gave up my regular morning decaf mocha and poppyseed muffin as I can't financially afford it and well those extra calories helped me gain a COVID-25 pounds since March. I bought a cheap Mr. Coffee maker and eat the same breakfast every morning which is filling; 1 cup of decaf coffee, 1 poached egg (it has LESS calories than scrambled or fried!!) over 1 piece of toast with avocado spread on it. I also spent $150 on plants since my place is just too small for a cat (even elderly cat). And, my bird feeder station (so far, the mgmt. company of my apt bldg. hasn't sent me a letter to disassemble it). I also haven't thought about SI since March when I was ready to drink a bottle of Benadryl. I don't need antidepressants and am doing remote counseling b/c the isolation of the pandemic is really challenging."
175986355,I guess it’s like... my doctor wants me to be on as little meds as possible. So if the lithium works by itself that would be great! I’m not hoping for anything really. Except that the psychiatrist would call me already jfc.
175986356,Consumed sugar not tired anymore
175986357,Oh and my weight isn't a problem. I'm normal weight for my height. So maybe it is all just in my head.
175986358,Not for the last couple of days.
175986359,"Mental health providers who talk too fast should know better, I think."
175986360,"I took 1.5 pills. Physically I feel like shyt but I have to find out if it helps my spine. I wish I had some chocolate here. Every time I get chocolate, the staff goes in my drawers and eats it all. I don't know what to do about that. I could put them in the locked drawers but there's no room."
175986361,Chocolate milk
175986362,d.o.s.e brief synopsis with other elements as highlighted in research. HT
175986363,"Watching the rest of _NAME_ Comes Home tonight, watched half of it last night update: finished it, super creepy, really enjoyed it!"
175986364,"I'm tired today. I haven't taken any Xanax yet to help me with the work stress, so that's good. I'm at work. I didn't want to come this morning. I wanted to stay home and isolate. I had a pretty intense therapy session last night and I went to bed afterward at about 6:30 PM. I didn't sleep until about 8:30 PM, but I needed to decompress. Kind of bored at the moment at work, but that's okay. Gives me time to check in with PC. What's everyone up to today? _PERSON_"
175986365,_PERSON_. My boss was challenging me. Saying I’m not right and that the research says this and that. It made me upset kinda.
175986366,Hey so I have been struggling with isolation for a long time because of my anxiety telling me I'm not good enough. I have been trying to get out of my funk for months after I moved back with my family. So I started a new job last week and I feel so anxious around everyone. Any tips to help stay calm during the work night?
175986367,What is your antipsychotic situation? Got anything you can take? Hugs.
175986368,"_PERSON_, _PERSON_."
175986369,That's a great song -- _NAME_ is awesome.
175986370,I’m not trying to argue with you and you haven’t triggered me I’m just concerned because water fasts are not a good idea in general but you can do whatever you want. I don’t know what to say about anything else I’m sorry I’m bad at advice.
175986371,_PERSON_ finally got grandpas statue of perfection....free iridium for life!
175986372,Hi guys. Feeling bad. And I feel paranoid that I might have COVID 19. I probably don't but I have a sore throat and that feeling you get before you get sick. Kind of run down. _PERSON_
175986373,"I had salad for lunch but am still hungry, thinking of thawing my pie...."
175986374,"Hello jacki1_Austria, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions on Inspire about ""social isolation"" and handling unpleasant thoughts. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the links below. Search: ""social isolation"" Search: handling unpleasant thoughts Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, screening techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope th
is helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175986375,I'm noticing signs of TD again. I had it when I was on Invega Sustenna. The APs I'm on now are thorazine and trilafon. Guess I'll have to see about coming off them and just staying on my AD and moodstabilizer.
175986376,Mostly I’m playing in their games threads lol...was thinking we should have a sz questions forum of our own. But technically I do have bp so I’m kind of whatever about it.
175986377,hi everyone. a 7. HT
175986378,Doing the best that I'm able at this time.
175986379,"I've never been happy either...I've had girlfriends but I've never been in love with any of them...I have a decent job but have nothing to do with my money besides occasionally hanging out with the only true friend I've ever had...to some extent I agree with _NAME_...for me happiness has always been virtually unattainable...however for many people it comes naturally...sometimes I feel that due to our genetics and our brain structure some of us are fated to live a difficult life...most people have never known what it's like to have to deal with the thoughts and feelings we've experienced almost every day of our lives...fwiw I'd have killed myself a long time ago if it wasn't for my mother...I'm sorry that I'm rambling on...it's just I never get to talk about stuff like this in part because being a man I'm not supposed to show ""weakness""...somehow I feel that doing so right here and now can be a good thing...I hope you see you're not alone in your suffering."
175986380,"Watching these videos on Youtube of haunted locations in different states, addicting to watch"
175986381,"Have you tried Lamictal? It's a bipolar/anti-seizure med. It's known for helping with dissociation. Since I've been taking olanzepine, I haven't had dissociation at all this year. The summer was bad.. Really bad - But I think that the olanzepine is healing my brain. Dissociation is the worst thing that I've ever dealt with. It feels like you're going psychotic but you're not. At least with psychosis, it feels like a dream and you don't really know that you're in it.. Think about coping mechanisms, distractions, meditation, stretching, walking, journaling, food/lots of water/relaxing tea, talking about how you're feeling/texting family members, self care, tasks.. Life.... When I was dissociated, I was non-functional. But here's a secret - The fear about it is all in the mind.. The more power you give to it, the more it tries to eat you.. You could try and think of it as a positive thing/experience and it will be kind to you.. The dissociation monster.."
175986382,"I hate to step into the dogs vs. cats debate, but you have a point. Dogs see us as pack leaders. They're programmed to be needy and worshipful of us. Or, I should say, to express the reverence they feel for us. This, I think is the biggest difference. Our cats may be just as fond of us, but they don't have the need to express it twenty four hours a day. But when they do, there is something acute and passionate about their affection. That said, I occasionally work for a woman with two awesome big dogs. They're all over me all day. When I arrive there, they freak out for like twenty minutes. I leave there covered in dog slobber and hair, which is fine because I like dogs as much as cats (I just happen to have cats at this point in my life, so technically I'm a cat person right now). After spending the day with these dogs, I come home to my apartment. Silence. I go into the room where the cats are hanging out and I say ""I'm back, guys!!!"" They'll either ignore me or, if they can be bothered, look at 
me as if to say, ""Yeah....and...?"" To be fair, one of them will greet me at the door meowing, but only if he happens to be awake. Arrogant little fukers. One thing that troubles me about dogs is that, generally, people are not worthy of their respect. I'd say we were social animals from the get-go. As I said recently in another post, modern society is too easy for us. We still have that hunter-gatherer gene, but because of the fact that basic survival is so easy for us, there is an incongruity between how we live and how we were designed to live. This, I think, is the cause of many of our mental health problems, like anxiety and depression. I think people would be more satisfied with their lives if their dopamine rushes were the result of a successful hunt rather than seeing how twenty people ""liked"" the sandwich they posted on Instagram. All you millenials with your smartphones and tablets are screwing up your reward centers. You'll never know the euphoric rush that happens when a moment of happiness mer
ges with a sense of satisfaction because social media is designed to make true satisfaction a goal you can never quite reach. I'm not saying we should go back to living in the woods and spearing deer for dinner, but things have gone too far. Technology isn't here to make things easier for us. It's here to make $$$$$$$$$$$ for the tech companies. Basically, I look at modern technology as a turd squeezed out of the ass of capitalism. The way we live now is also responsible for most of our most serious health maladies. Our bodies were designed to walk, to move much more than is comfortable for us. There's no better illustration of this than me standing behind two fat women on an escalator, unable to walk past them because they're planted there like two 200 lb. bags of topsoil, talking about their efforts to lose weight. This really happened. I used to take offense at the perception of loners as being weird, potentially serial killer social rejects but I don't care anymore. I am a social reject, but it's the othe
r way around. I reject society. Not because it doesn't want me; if anything, the opposite is true. But looking at the vapid ways most people try to cope with their existence confirms that I want no part of it. I know that sounds edgelordy but anyone who's been reading my posts will know that this is a theme I reiterate again and again. Thus, no pretense."
175986383,I took a zopiclone tablet last night and ended up sleeping for 12 hours. I feel refreshed.
175986384,Painted my nails teal blue
175986385,"I should let my T know that I was paranoid. I'll probably have to start the conversation with, ""I was paranoid this week."" Or something. IDK yet how to say it. She'll either think I'm nuts or she'll say, have you talked to Pdoc? Nope, not at $200 a pop."
175986386,"I really hope I'm able to sleep tonight, 2 hours of sleep then 24 hours up then 4 hours of sleep last night. Woke up at 2am and have been up since"
175986387,"Awesome job, _PERSON_!!!!!!"
175986388,Spoke to the doctor he doesn’t know. Other than the insomnia I function fine . More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season
175986389,"_AT_MENTION_, I think your ideas are really good right now."
175986390,"Inspiredby3, I think it's good that you're concerned about the fact that your two of your three children are experiencing tough social anxiety issues. Being concerned about it increases the chances that you'll at least try to do something about it, whether it be having your kids see a doctor and/or a therapist."
175986391,"Since I'm still not clear on which is which sometimes. Anyways, there is something in my wrist and it wants to come out! My wrist is physically hurting. Upon examining the outside of my wrist everything looks normal. I don't see any swelling or anything like that. But there is definitely something in there that wants to come out. It hurts and it feels spiky on the inside, like it is hurting me from the inside out. Not sure if it is a delusion or a hallucination or if it is real. It sucks. Am going to try to put some cream or something on my wrist. Maybe will help it feel better at least on the outside."
175986393,Hey _AT_MENTION_ can you share how this plays into mental health issues?
175986394,"HI, thanks for the replies! Scaredy -- I know, I don't understand why both the new general doc and the psychiatrist will prescribe klonopin and not Xanax! It makes no sense to me. I bet the DEA is just cracking down more on Xanax or something. Yes, I tried halving the Xanax. The psychiatrist prescribed me .25 mg pills for a month before cutting me off. I have to take two of those because If I go lower than .5 mg, it doesn't do anything for me. getting by -- Thanks for the response and support. I may just get a new doctor and see if they will give it to me because like I said, my old doctor had no issue with it. weary -- They are addictive but I took them for 3 years and never once increased my dose, so I would think my doctors would see that. I agree that just having Xanax in my purse helps me if I think I'm going to panic. Thanks for understanding."
175986395,"Man I've been stalking that vending machine today, I got 3 things from it throughout the day. A Coke, and 2 candy bars.. I've gotta slow down lol"
175986396,I think GTA Vice City was my favorite GTA game. It had that cool 80's vibe and the NPR station in it was hilarious. It had funny shops everywhere like rusty browns donuts. lol The one that came after that one was excellent too.
175986397,"Oops you mean the Sims, no, I have the Sims 3 on Xbox 360 and the Sims 4 on PC but haven't gotten any expansions yet"
175986398,"I haven't hired him outside of my imaginary story, lol The types of people who keep snakes can differ greatly. Most wouldn't dress up. He's from an ""I'm a snake"" YouTube video that people have exposed me to. It's a young man who has a snake mask ontop of his head and just repeatedly says ""I'm a snake"" in a sassy voice while occassionally flicking his tongue and swerving his head. At first, I was absolutely ######6 horrified, but it's grown on me over time. It's fun to disturb others with, actually. I'm not always very clear about when I'm talking about reality and when I'm being creative - and given that I'm delightfully not quite right in head, anything's possible with me."
175986399,not today
175986400,"Thank you Miss _NAME_, I have exercises I have learned and the breathing techniques also. When I get anxious I move from one thing to another. I basically rush through whatever I am doing. My anxiety has gotten worse over the last year or so. I have learned to live with pain yet anxiety is by far worse I believe. I hate feeling this way. With the opiate crisis drs no longer want to write scripts for most things. I am sorry people become addicted yet those of us who need meds are forced to live in pain or whatever condition we have. I would rather be called addicted or an addict than have to live my life stressed out. Today was the worst day I have ever had. I want to thank everyone for their kindness and concern. We should care for one another. We should love one another. God bless you all"
175986401,I feel so anxious tonight I want to just Possible trigger: punch myself in the face
175986402,That's awful! I seriously hope it gets better soon!
175986404,I’ve been up for 28 hours and still not tired. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986405,I like your disorganised thinking. I also have randomness.
175986406,For school?
175986407,For sure yay you! But I've only taken my prescribed med so far.
175986408,I hate when my therapist says that I'm sick
175986409,I'm so sorry your mom has this to battle now. I'm wishing her and your family strength and luck.
175986410,"I used to until COVID. She never calls me back and every time I try to call her, she's on vacation. I can't do this on my own. I can't take care of myself."
175986411,How do I become like you? How do I become excited about life?
175986412,Maybe you should taper more gradually down to the 200mg..?
175986413,"Yes, and washed my hair"
175986414,"In medicine and psychology, misdiagnosis is sadly a part of the profession. Whether it’s a doctor trying to diagnose a disease or a psychologist trying to diagnose a mental disorder or mental illness, there are no foolproof tests for most conditions (contrary to most people’s beliefs). In medicine, we sometimes see physicians who intentionally misdiagnose a patient for financial gain. This is a horrible betrayal of a patient’s trust, and results in patients getting treatment they don’t need — which could even hurt their health. Do therapists ever misdiagnose someone with a mental disorder? And if so, why? Diagnosis — in both medicine and mental health — is not an exact science. Entire television shows have enjoyed successful runs due to this (e.g., House, MD). There is a lot of trial and error that goes with coming up with an accurate diagnosis. Most misdiagnosis is unintentional and done usually because the therapist doesn’t have all of the information about the patient’s symptom
s. Or the symptoms follow a pattern indicative of two similar mental disorders. https://psychcentral.com/blog/4-reasons-for-misdiagnosis-by-a-therapist/"
175986415,Animal Crossing is the best lol but if you need something to do then why not start the other one since AC won't be out till the 20th
175986416,"No, you are not alone."
175986417,I remember being at PHP and drinking 3 cups within an hour or two. I got so jittery that it's kinda funny in hindsight
175986418,"It was very activating. Most AP's make me tired, but Vraylar made me need less sleep and more energetic overall. It did pretty well for my symptoms, unfortunately I got akathisia a few months in so I had to stop it."
175986419,Almost forgot them but then I remembered! Took my morning meds. Not the fish oil though. Blah. I need to get into a routine of taking that. Maybe take it at dinner when I take the Latuda.
175986420,"You said you were tolerant to sleeping pills? Once it get to this point, a flunitrazepam is useful."
175986421,Happy birthday _NAME_
175986422,"I literally left my therapist a voice message because she didn't answer and in the middle of talking it said ""Voice message too long - To deliver voice message, press #"".. So I pressed ""#"" and sent the voice message.. _PERSON_..."
175986423,I probably shouldn't be on here but I have 1-1/2 hours and I'm trying not to freak out. What if I fail?? My confidence is being eroded the more online quizzes I take about C++. I feel that I know nothing. Deep breath... I'll do fine... Right? I'll do fine. I'm smart. I'm sitting on an A already. I can do this... I can do this...
175986424,"Hi, _NAME_! I've said a prayer for you re: your nervousness about seeing your new doctor. And also, God will let you know what to say. I'm so glad you're here with us at PC. God bless you! Lots of hugs, _PERSON_"
175986425,ordered a salad with grilled chicken off of door dash today for lunch. It was good. I also got a letter from my sponsored child from Ethiopia and a new picture. She has grown so much and she is so pretty. OMG. She could be a model! And she started school (she's 4 years old).
175986426,"Before reading St. _NAME_, I decided to Read _NAME_ the book of the bible because it's relevant to _NAME_ book. Always surprised at how noble these classics are written. Anyways, half way through it. It's a quick read. I'm reading the NKJV which is clearer for my purposes, but its the _PERSON_ study version which is filled with footnotes. I highly recommend it!"
175986427,Finally I feel a little better...go some of my readings done for class so I’m not as swamped......
175986428,"""In 2018, a team of researchers conducted a groundbreaking study to investigate the differences between the brains of people who struggle with procrastination and those who don’t. To do this, the researchers recruited 264 participants to complete specific tasks and afterward conducted fMRI brain scans on each person. The results were astonishing. The researchers discovered a higher volume of the _USER_ID_—an almond-shape set of neurons that process our emotions—in the brains of the participants who procrastinated than those who were more action orientated. [1] Moreover, they discovered that the procrastinators had weaker connections between the _USER_ID_ and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC)—another region of the brain responsible for self-control and emotional regulation."""
175986429,"Yes, I would be nervous about it too, for the same reason. The only thing I really notice about your challenges are like the impulsive thoughts, like quitting all your meds, or drinking too much coffee, or things I can't think of right now. I don't think of you as delusional or hallucinogetic l and I'm always surprised to see you're on aps. But you deserve all the privacy you wish about your circumstances. I hope if you take the clozaril that it does help. *hugs*"
175986430,"We were supposed to have our work reviews yesterday but that didn't happen. I guess we are going to have them ""whenever."" I think this happened last year. Where we were told it was going to happen on x date and then it ended up being like 3 weeks later. Ugh. #stressful!"
175986431,Good health care everyones trained. Cops are trained too.
175986432,I'm INTJ
175986433,"Thanks to the both of you for replying, i appreciate the advice and tips you both gave me. My doctor didn't really discuss any treatment options besides staying hydrated and ""just relaxing"", so i will probably need to visit another doctor who is of more help. Dealing with this anxiety does feel like a _USER_ID_. There will be weeks where i feel like there is nothing wrong with me and i feel great but then suddenly this wave of panic hits me for the same amount of weeks and i start getting these dizzy spells as a result of always thinking and worrying about the anxiety. Like _NAME_ said, perseverance is key in order to get over the hump. I hope i, along with everyone else dealing with this issue, will eventually end up on top of this difficult battle. Wishing everyone has a great day."
175986434,"I’m a little nervous about it, scared of the whole white blood cell thing that they have to watch out for. I think it might be a good thing though because I guess it does help a lot of people. And I have been on a lot of antipsychotics and I’m still struggling."
175986435,I'm very focused and awake today. 40mg of Vyvanse instead of 50mg. Gonna make a coffee and look at stocks to invest in.. People need money for ventilators........ Deep down I'm just a crazy drug nerd
175986436,"I feel weird. I don't know if it's from the alcohol, caffeine, or tapering off thorazine or some combo of the three"
175986437,I feel like I'm about to breakdown right now. I'm scared about my meds and I'm tired from today.
175986438,I think I am starting to have symptoms. I don’t recognize them as anything I’ve had before. Yesterday I was driving to the court house and went the completely wrong way and had no idea how to get there or how I ended up where I was. Today I just suddenly realized I’ve been sitting in the bank parking lot for almost 30 minutes. I don’t know why. Thoughts?
175986439,I would tell them: “That’s unrealistic.”
175986440,"Nice to “meet” you Miss _NAME_! I, too, am new here and looking to talk and hopefully find a few friends!"
175986441,"Yeah I'm less anhedonic and having racing thoughts at night and feel like my state of mind would be lost the next day after I sleep - Which is true.. My dad told me ""You don't have to figure everything out in one day - You have time.. Relax.."""
175986442,Your mom is going through some things that you may never understand but if you don’t at least try to forgive her and show her love it will be a really heavy burden on your shoulders for the rest of your life.
175986443,"Okay my dad is bipolar II and I haven’t been diagnosed because I’m pretty good at compensating and none of my docs have considered it a diagnosis helpful. But inside my head is a cacophony and I’m always on the verge of losing it. I haven’t been on prescription meds for 7 years since my first pregnancy (of 2), but have tried to treat with supplements to decent effect. Today is an awful day, though. I yelled at my kids (6 and 4) and generally blamed them for getting out late, and they don’t comply when I ask them to, say, get the car or put in socks. I don’t have good boundaries so they are “spoiled” with lots of screen time and food choice and I don’t make them do stuff like play outside. I read all the parenting books when they were infants but none of it has worked out: being understanding hasn’t resulted in them speaking openly. I don’t want to spank but they are so disrespectful that I have overheard people saying that they need spanking. I’m asking this question here be
cause I don’t think that people without complicated minds would understand. I don’t think my kids would respond to spanking. I do think they need nutritious foods, but they only want butter toast and plain noodles and McDonald’s, pretty much. Their doctor just says “fix their diet” which feels as doable to me as “sprout wings and fly”. I’m not consistent enough to be consistent for them. Sometimes I need to sleep. We moved to a new town a couple years ago and socializing has been hard: it’s a southeastern US town where most everyone has a fancy house and a kid into sports. My kid saying “I hate you” in front of other parents means they don’t want their kids to see that. People fall away. But I’m just not solid enough to be “everything” for them. They need more people than an inconsistent mom. Dad is around but works long hours and doesn’t play with them. My oldest son and I have an appointment with my sister’s Lyme literate doc out of state, in 4 months. (My sisters family al
l has _PERSON_ and I think I have cat-borne Lyme coinfections. I have chronic Epstein-Barr and thyroid weirdness im treating with low dose naltrexone) I’m afraid that I’m creating the cycle where my sons are learning from my codependency that they can be demanding and rude to get their needs met. Before kids, I thought I would have a family with kids who were addicted to reading and we played music together and they loved it when I identified mushrooms in the forest and they would play with LEGO for hours. Instead I have kids who hit me because I picked the wrong hot wheels or I launched the car too early or too late, they scream until I can’t take the sound and pathos and let them watch tv because they can’t play alone *at all*, not even for 5 minutes. I feel so disappointed that I haven’t raised kids who can just... be around humanity. It’s a cycle: we need socializing to learn how to be around people, but we are off-putting. I say things like “you can’t act like that! I would have never sai
d that to my parents! Most kids would be spanked for that!” Which I understand isn’t the best. I guess I’m looking for advice from people who have been through this. I would appreciate if you refrained from saying stuff like “my mom did this and she’s awful” or “you know the stakes are high” because I have plenty of access to people telling me I’m doing it wrong. I just don’t have any realistic way to imagine getting better. Like, cool but HOW? I’m in therapy and she says “that’s not a problem for me because children respect me”. Cool great yes, my life would have had less hardships if people didn’t feel comfortable disrespecting me so trust me when I say that I am not choosing this."
175986444,It’s hard to deal with anxiety since it has many symptoms and yet the biggest one is the way it disrupts ones life. I was med free for two years and even though I was not anxious free 100%...I was fine and then these last two weeks it came back in the most horrible way....I’m trying cbt and mindfulness now with essentials oils ...we all get to try different tools ...we just have to keep looking.
175986445,"As I understand there is no definitive structural issue in sz that’s broadly accepted, odd are your ventricles are just a variation."
175986446,Sorry it took so long. I got sidetracked looking at other sofas on other websites.
175986447,So pretty!!! I want to pet her/him!!!!!
175986448,My friend got really pissed at me and this might be the end of us.
175986449,"Feeling better. Talked to friend at the gas station. Gonna take zopi, sleep Hopefully tomorrow will be less torturous. I'm gonna drink a coffee, get ready and be a little productive in the living room while my mom is at work. Tomorrow is another day"
175986450,I have a little notecard in my car that says something like you can have anxiety and do it anyway..... It just sucks I remember when I loved driving....it’s just the traffic is so horrible here I can’t ever drive freely.
175986451,But I'm very happy that people want to be in relationships and have sex. That's what people dont get. I think it's beautiful. Most songs and movies are about it.
175986452,"So obviously I don't normally have money to do stuff like this but since I don't have to spend money on a new phone I'm splurging. I also got throw pillows, red and black checkered throw pillow cases, a plaid fleece sherpa lined throw blanket, a welcome _NAME_ for the front of my apartment door, and a print of _NAME_ Cafe Terrace at Night for my living room"
175986453,"I think I'll pick Sobble, the water pokemon, it's supposed to be a timid one that hides a lot and kind of reminds me of myself lol"
175986454,We must take anti-hallucinogens to survive. We must. It is the only way.
175986455,Chocolate.
175986456,_AT_MENTION_ You might like this. Hollywood vs Bollywood Indian movies vs USA movies - YouTube
175986457,"I think it will be okay, I appreciate the concern though. The 400mg of Thorazine was just for sleep, it’s the Trilafon that’s my main one for psychosis."
175986458,Oh btw I finally am getting my tax refund by Wednesday!!! I was one of the 12 million refunds that the irs had on backlog.
175986459,My WiFi has sucked for weeks. I’m sitting on my couch on ****ing LTE instead of connecting to the WiFi I pay entirely too much for every month. Pisses me off
175986460,Book promotions. Like for ads.
175986461,"I was taking 8mg, now it's going to be 12mg"
175986462,"Here, there's a bunch of downloadable/printable sheets with many ideas for coping with voices Hearing Voices Network: Free Downloads (including coping strategies)"
175986463,"I'm very disciplined with meds, supplements and drugs. I write them all down for a week then copy and paste the blank fill out form thing for the next week. I did this for 25 weeks so far. So far it's good because it keeps track of the meds I've taken on which day, gives me ability to know which supplements are interfering and to know if I've become dependent on a drug and which days to taper - Or which days I'm allowed to take or not take. I should probably phone the pharmacy today because I'm not sure when my next Invega Sustenna injection is. It feels like my last one was a long time ago. I might have missed it."
175986464,"Damn dude, how many antipsychotics are you on?"
175986465,_AT_MENTION_ I struggle like how you described. I have the runs almost every morning I am working from home. Especially on the days I start with staff meetings. #RadicalAcceptance works by accepting this as the new normal.
175986466,Can you go to the dog park? I would just bring one dog at a time though given what happened last time.
175986467,I’m all for a support group.
175986468,Followed a tutorial by _NAME_. Not satisfied with this one. The tree leaves could be better. But that’s part of learning.
175986469,He started back working and getting more sleep a few months ago and he is better than he was last but at times it's overwhelming because I don't know what to expect. He eats bad because he says it's comforting. ?. Thanks for replying.
174383445,Pharmacist is gonna try to put the clozapine prescription through when the pharmacy opens at 11am tomorrow
175986470,"I haven't been doing so hot myself lately... Been reading but not really posting much right now... Glad you're in a safe place, findingreason."
175986471,My temp was normal when I went to the doctor today
175986472,"I was fine on 1.5mg. Idk, it may be because I went a week with bad sleep. And I’m just anxious and tired now lately."
175986473,Everything that I have. (I'm out of some of the supplements.)
175986474,"I m on 10 mg now ,2yrs ago was on 20.Too many anti depressants are not good because of serotonin syndrome."
175986475,Felt physical anxiety this morning before the atenolol kicked in. The beta blocker might be masking benzo withdrawal.
175986476,Chocolate ice cream w/ peanut butter chunks and swirls. A can of chicken noodle soup
175986477,I have a Norton critical edition of pride and Prejudice. Got it for $2 at the used bookstore
175986478,"I slept 3 hours, hoping I can go back to sleep though."
175986479,"I was lying down, reading, as my little snake was sprawled out across my legs. She passed her head near my foot, and it twitched. My toes accidentally and lightly knocked her upside the head. She jerked her head and neck back into strike position and stared angrily at my foot. ""How dare you - should I be biting you right now?"" (I'm sure she tried to say to me) I struggled to supress my giggles because I thought it unwise to move any part of my being until she was no longer feeling personally insulted and challenging the motives of my foot. A moment or two later, I was forgiven of all trespass, and we were back to being relaxed and happily surveying the room. I accidentally piss her off a lot, but bless her heart, she always tolerates me. I think I'm doing her a favor though. Surely, she's developing thinking skills every time I make her wonder if she should be biting me."
175986480,I voted! Now I had a couple shots to drown my sorrows hoping for the best. I’ll probably be asleep before the results all come in so I hope I wake up to good news.
175986481,took my evening meds
175986482,I feel like my moods are swinging again. I have been having like almost elation or good moods and then I've been crashing.
175986483,"I used to be pretty skeptical of psychiatry until I realized it helps me. Psychiatry as an institution used to scare me a lot. I used to read a lot of _NAME_. I then realized that his position is just a critique of psychiatry. It's not like meant to make patients stop taking their meds. I guess? I am still a skeptic, but I know treatment has helped me a lot. I in fact don't know where I'd be without treatment, honestly."
175986484,"So the birds and I are going on a cruise, and we're watching this to prepare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ"
175986485,"So I used to be able to smoke marijuana and now I can’t. Many people tell me that it helps with their anxiety, but it seems to worsen mine now. Am I the only one that this happens to or are there other people that it happens to? It worries me that there is something wrong with me since I can’t now. Weird discussion post, but it worries me. *Im constantly worried about my health*"
175986486,"Hello...,I have ocd, anxiety, depression and ptsd. In addition to all that I have scleroderma, which for those of you who don’t know is an autoimmune disease...and not a pleasant one. Anyways, due to all of this, in addition to my age, my dr has agreed to allow me to take .5 mg of Ativan every other day for an indefinite period of time. Any long term users of Ativan out there? It is the only thing that seems to give me any quality of life. I know the risks of addition, etc. but quite honestly at my age and physical/mental condition, I am thinking that quality of life is more important than quantity. Thoughts? Thank you."
175986487,"Hi Rich, Don't feel alone. I got real anxious this morning. Thinking about having to take my dog to the vet to get spayed. I really should of called today but whenever I think about it, I get so anxious. I have Xanax to take when this happens, but it is the initial anxiety that gets to me. I wish so badly I didn't have it. If you don't have enough time to do everything save some for another day if you can. I really know how bothersome this is. It is actually crippling. Hang in there Rich. Let me know how your day went. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986488,"yeah, I don't think trazodone would do that to you."
175986489,"I've been having problems with memory.. for as long as I can remember.. lol.. But yeah I don't think the alprazolam, weed and phenibut it helping at all so I'm gonna try and get off of it and exercise more.. Because when you remember a speech and then run before you give the speech, you have a better short term memory.. And then when you learn something and then go for a run, you have a better long term memory the next day.. Especially if you get enough sleep.. The reason I've been making those ""Memory logs"" on my blog is because I have a terrible long term memory.. I did a memory training app on my phone and idk if it was cuz I wasn't feeling well - but my short term memory was pretty bad.. I really need to train my brain muscles more but I feel like if I push myself to do things, I'll snap from stress and go psychotic or something but mostly agitated and irritable.. Although I get a little irritable from NOT pushing myself.. So That's why I'm trying this now where I'll stay up until 3am and pus
h myself to learn.."
175986490,Still very depressed. I wish I could escape.
175986491,Went out to watch Frozen 2 with my sister. I cried. Why Disney always makes me cry lol. The songs were really good.
175986492,And then so we live! ;D
175986493,"? I was feeling too lazy to walk to the store to buy ice cream. Have you ever had pillsbury orange cinnamon rolls? Those are my favorite, so delicious especially right out of the oven"
175986494,"Read about 100 pages in the AA ""Big Book"" today."
175986495,"It's so hot outside today. 85 degrees. Battling OCD thoughts and trauma. Being God. Might take an olanzepine. Or it could be autistic thoughts? Who knows. I trip. I cry. I laugh. It's all a joke. And I'm the joke because I take everything so seriously, battling my insignificant problems. Thoughts inserted into my head from the void. I want to be something great because I have a great mind. But I have depressive thoughts. Mental illness. I can't talk about basic things because I am too scared. I'm just saying what I honestly feel. Why me? Why you! I'm not alone! If I could just take it easy and let go. We all need to let go. Our egos are holding on. My heart.. Will it stop? Yes! When? Hopefully in a long time.. Or I could just dieee.. I could just ****in' dieeee.. Anyone could.. but just live. No matter how painful. Everything will pass. It always does. The storm passes, spring flowers appear. You can do anything you want.. Look at the world. Terrible things. But it's all a ball of art. Colourful wi
th patterns. So many people are struggling. If they could just feel limitless and also relaxed, full of energy as we all are in the end and the beginning. The beginning is the end. There is no time. We are time. But it's ok. Everyone knows deep down about their beliefs. They matter nothing. I feel alone and sick of love. Spiralling down down down. Up up we go. Like a balloon. A hot air balloon. Imagine those? They're pretty cool. Life is amazing and terrifying. We have brains but don't have an operating system to use them. Same with our bodies. We put all this bad food into us. If only we had a manual. You understand me, reader. You are important. I want to pass my God likeness to you. You are powerful. Listen to the music, enjoy the scenery. What are we meant to do? We can't control this. We didn't ask for this. No one did. We were spawned out of the void. But you can make it a good place. In all more seriousness, I'm ok. Just appreciating the lack of control I have over intrusive thoughts. Thoughts telling 
me that I'm not worth anything because I see that it's all a joke. Maybe people realize that and they just carry on acting. Everyone is just acting. Nothing really matters. Is that sociopathic to say? Idk. Idk anything."
175986496,"Zyrtec, an allergy med, made me feel better. So it was just allergies. I feel I should stay accountable with u all, especially bb. So, I cleaned house today. Did a lot of sleeping tho."
175986497,"I'm not sure if I have depression or not. I've mentioned some of this on here before. I haven't felt myself for awhile now. I've felt anxious and a low feeling mood at times. I took a few online mental health tests and the results can vary quite a bit. I still function descent, but just don't feel myself. I know with depression it can be hard to do anything. I've never experienced anything like this before and I'm not sure what to do. I've had mental health assessments and get referred to counseling or crisis."
175986498,"I cant do that cuz I'm a procrastinator. If I dont do something now I'll never do it. Usually I'll say either ""I'll deal with this much today and this much another day"" or ill think what's the worst that could happen?"
175986499,"That is such a horrible situation, and I am so sorry for your loss and the trauma you have suffered. It must be terribly confusing and agonizing for you. As stressful as the situation is, once it is over, you can hopefully concentrate on healing which will take however long it takes. If you need to be treated for PTSD or depression/anxiety, by all means do so. There is no shame in that and may help you on the road to healing. If you are religious at all and find comfort in the Bible, _NAME_ 65:17 gives us the promise that trauma will end. ""For look! I am creating new heavens and a new earth; And the former things will not be called to mind,* Nor will they come up into the heart"" How comforting to know that the things that plague us now will not always be there and one day trauma will end and never be remembered again. Please find somebody to talk to if you can or write down your emotions in a journal if that helps you to put things on paper. I wish you the best during this very difficult time."
175986500,"Hi _NAME_, nice meeting you too!"
175986501,"It dawned upon me only recently after many years of having to annoyingly coexist alongside this strange daily experience of brushing off the mc's or 'voices' as they will at times desperately attempt to involve you, the unfortunate non-consensual listener and unwilling participant with whatever sicko narratives they are trying to pin upon you, the oblivions pedestrian. Whilst putting up with this odd strange form of neuro-framing, as that's the best way to describe their meaning the mc's 'voice operators' cruel games of narcissistic projection and displays of scapegoating and shamming attempts through accusations and inference as if the very act of acknowledging or hearing what they are alluring too is an active admission of guilt or a criminal act of its self. The clear and almost sociopathic displays of anonymous perpetration that passes as auditory hallucinations are incredible to think that it's your brain creating this version of interactive virtual reality. What's also quite telling is the fa
ct that they meaning the MC's' voices' seem to have almost OCD when ganging -up upon the hapless victim as you try to explain to yourself just what the **** is occurring here, as they seem very real at times. As you will experience 24/7 long marathons wrestling internally with these converted character assassination attempts whilst using whatever best firewall you can utilize. Everything from humming, placing headphones on, and drown them out with pleasing music, whistling, repeating non-sensual words or phrases internally, sitting on the loo and reminding them that I am busy right now can you blackmail me at other time, referring to them on mass as pedophiles and enthusiastic about _PERSON_. So it comes across that this form of disembodied or remote live streaming tries to ambush you at every turn, in order to basically disturb you or just to exploit you for its own acquired fetish. Would anybody else have noticed these types of general strategies used within this experience of VH as I am pretty convinced th
at mine is largely due to EH, and am planning to take the appropriate action. In short, has anyone else spotted the methodology involved within their experience of VH, and wouldn't it strike you as uncanny, to compare or analyze what's really going on here. p.s sorry for any mistypes."
175986502,I'll do that.
175986503,How is it that a conversation like this is happening in a music thread?
175986504,"Yup, that’s why it’s probably a digital art"
175986505,Yeah that's a good idea. There's no sense worrying about it right at the moment/this weekend because there's not anything I can actually do until Tuesday when I see my case manager
175986506,"Just finished your book Newtus, it was really good! I put reviews on Amazon and Goodreads"
175986507,I think tonight is going to be another frozen pizza night. Don’t feel like cooking
174383467,"I was told by friends and family that i am manipulative, controlling, and only care about myself. I know i can be manipulative. its not wrong. people are. they are always wrong and they need me to point them in the right direction. And i do only care about myself. i couldnt care less about other people and how they feel and what they are dealing with. it doesnt affect me. but why does everyone get so mad about it? like im doing you a favor calm down. and if someone does me wrong i make them feel bad until they apologize, because they are the problem. i have to be the best at everything. my life is a constant competition. its crazy. this isnt my schizophrenia is it? i know its not normal to feel this way but its how i feel. there are only two sides to everything, no in between, and everyone except myself are idiots who need me. but sometimes i need to figure things out for myself which is why i am here. any thoughts?"
175986508,I'm having a panic attack and Possible trigger: sui thoughts .
175986509,"Ahh, a person of culture!"
175986510,I feel out of it after taking my medicine snd fish oil pills
174383491,"Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. I know. But, that is quite a bit of tapering, Blue. To me, having stopped them all before in2012, I would think it quite unlikely you would pull that off without a recurrence. I went 11 months before my brain exploded. Huge recurrence. I did great pn Abilifry for 12 years, but never, ever solo. No possible way for me. Maybe telll us what your doosage and schefule is every day. People can look and share what they see. I used to be tid on a couple. Now, i take 2 lithium qam, 2 Wellbutrin qam, 2 sarcosine qam, 1 asa qam, 1 fish oil qam, 1 adderall qam, 1 trilafon q am, and 1 trilafon qpm, 1 lithium pm. So, basically, almost all in the morning. PM is super fast during teeth. Super easy. Maybe look at yours and see what you guys could do. Possibly could move some around to eqse the burden. Hugs."
175986511,Go bluebird!
175986512,"Had my depot injection at home for a couple of years now too. _PERSON_ texts with a couple of hours notice, turns up with his bag - and im done in half an hour. The covid thing never really changed it- we just both wear masks, and get the old alcohol hand gel out."
175986513,I'm gonna sit in the living room where it's brighter and make a list of thingz to do.. I'm not feeling very talkative - I think it's the AP's. I took some phenibut and kratom so maybe my mood will lift.
175986514,Haha but dropping the computer is an awful feeling. Gotta admit.
175986515,"This is a pretty crappy sketch but it’s the first thing I’ve drawn in like a month and I enjoyed doing it Attached Images 01E2F975-732D-4364-959B-339A56D86848.jpg (231.2 KB, 7 views)"
175986516,You’re really not overreacting...you asked for help from a professional and they aren’t providing it.
175986517,Some water
175986518,Perspective is a bit off but I'm still learning
175986519,"Big shampoo bottle it smells like apple, 2x wild _NAME_ Pepsi bottles, apple gift card, & tampons."
175986520,Anyone else afraid of spontaneous human combustion?
175986521,Cool! Hope it's helpful to you
175986522,I’m actually trying to finish coffee talk.
175986523,Am known to do it myself _NAME_ and _NAME_...but have improved...lol. ? HT. Yes good topic. I am a chatterbox!
175986524,"Thanks _PERSON_, I posted it just for you"
175986525,migraine is getting better.
175986526,How so??
175986527,They’re real knives by the way. The metal is covered in silicone except around the edges of the knife. I know they look like toys.
175986528,"Long day of nothing, sleeping here and there. Then a long night of broken sleep to look forward to. On the positive side its quiet."
175986529,That sounds nice! I can only have coffee every other day or I’d do the same....going to be 62 here.
175986530,Have any of you gotten worse on meds? I’ve been on meds for two years and I’m still depressed. I'm tired of being depressed and doing all that I can to be free of this.
175986531,"I don’t have a purpose in life. At least when I had my cats I had them to take care of, no there’s no meaning in my life at all. I’m almost 26, total failure and waste Possible trigger: why do I even bother living I guess I just have to see how voc rehab goes"
175986532,"My eyes are so dry, and now the right eye is aching. I wish I could have some eye drops. Anti itch drops. I'm getting really depressed again from the lockdown. I wish they'd stop doing it! Having visual hallucinations. Seeing spiders everywhere. I wish I had a flask of rum. It's impossible here without nicotine. And benzos."
175986533,"Thank you for all the helpful suggestions. I guess I said I do this to myself because I do in some ways. I take pills to get by...but im just blocking out all my real feelings and sadness...I got to spend some time with my husband like old times...when it didnt seem like I was so messed up and it felt great...and I am having trouble admitting that its not me....he thinks Im doing better and Im not....(funtioning wise) Im addicted to feeling like Im still worth it...but my anxiety is spiraling out if control and I feel like I have this secret burden....I know things couldnt survive ..and wont if i keep going like this...hiding my real feelings..but its the only thing keeping me going sometimes...that I could still feel loved..I dont want to give that up again. Sorry if this sounds confusing.Im .sure it does... Maybe I just hate myself and who Ive become. My therapist...yes..i have one.. says that I need medication to get better..but i think in my heart I think its just easier to look for an easy sol
ution. So basically..i hate how I am...and how unfunctioning I am..but the catch to me getting better is exposing myself...not about my non funtioning, but just about how I am just so lost....and Im afraid....i dont know..that is like the beginning of how I feel but theres alot more...I can say Im a really honest loving person..but I dont know..Ive lost my voice maybe....I dont.want to be dishonest about anything...so its killing me from the inside out...I feel.. but its my dumb choice. I think I need help on how to even think and live...my views are a bit distorted I think. Anyway I will write more later...Ive been doing and saying rhe same thing for many years I know...some things are just so hard to deal with. Never in my life did I see myself living in all of this imbalance ...."
175986534,Also just had a thought about what people in the future will think of our generation when we're all taking pills and stuff for various ailments. They'll probably think we're stupid. Sorry. I don't mean to discourage anyone. I am just feeling very pessimistic right now.
175986535,"I hope not, but my appetite went back to normal as the day went on"
175986536,"Welp, got a growth on the back of my neck. It is in an odd spot, so, cannot really see it no matter how hard I _USER_ID_. It is growing. I have fair skin and spent a lot of time outside as a youth, so, am at risk for skin cancer. Used to run a skin cancer unit, so, yeah... Anyhoo, not insured right now, which means I have to remove this thing myself. But I can't see it well. Not sure how I am gonna make all that happen. ANyway, kinda worried I might have a little skin cancer or something."
175986537,I’m trying but I haven’t stopped dissociating
175986538,I'm so sorry dt.
175986539,I’m rooting for you.
175986540,"Wow! I think you'll be a great mom, congrats!"
175986541,I need a job and my anxiety over looking for one is overwhelming me Good for you Rich for obtaining one How’d it go
175986542,"IF you're looking for opinions, everyone has an opinion, and they're usually different. As for questions that you're looking for facts on, some people have different experiences, and different research, and also different beliefs."
175986543,Thank you and I’m so sorry. I have an 18 year old cat that had a cyst on his face. They’re worried it might turn into something else but he’s fine so far. Hopefully doesn’t turn into anything else.
174383529,"My mood is better but still having psychotic symptoms. Took a Thorazine earlier and that helped, may just take my meds and go to bed soon. I only got 3 hours last night... I could use the sleep."
175986544,I'm debating taking a nap or waiting to sleep after I take my meds tonight. I got one hour of sleep/tossing and turning last night and am exhausted
175986545,Thanks super20dan. That was more in the direction of the types of answers I was seeking.
175986546,"How lovely, Blue!!!"
175986547,"Got my haircut. , they took my temperature, and had me use hand sanitizer , and of course wear a mask."
175986548,"ask your pharmacist, they can become toxic to our system. Some of them when cut. I am not a pharmacist or medical expert, however just making the point that some medications are dangerous to cut. More so extended release medications. This has been the advice from years of being a patient with an established psychiatrist and being on the med merry go round for 20 plus yrs. HT."
175986549,No he doesnt. He thought it was corona but he didn’t have any other symptoms and I googled it (I know) and it said excessive sweating and shortness of breath could be heart attack. I am taking him to see a doctor on Monday. His dad has his first heart attack at 30. And everyone of his uncles has heart issues on both sides.
175986550,not today. for sure tomorrow.
175986551,I think that it’s more important how you view yourself than how others view you. You have no control over how some guy on the street views you.
175986552,_PERSON_ is also really good but I’ve only seen it in the Pacific Northwest they grow wild.
175986553,"Have you considered changing your diet? I've been watching a lot of videos and the carnivore diet is supposed to be very good, especially raw carnivore. I can't do that here of course. But don't eat supermarket beef, try local farms for good quality meat. Apparently, veganism is the least healthy diet ever for humans. Depression, anxiety, rotten teeth, skin issues, digestive issues, and more are all common on a vegetarian or vegan diet. I know it sounds gross though. Raw milk and dairy is good though, too."
175986554,"It’s ok. I didn’t know about the ladder of schooling and the processes to get there til I was 25 or 26. Neither about how high school was important for college either. I was too sick in my late teens and early twenties. Plus I seem to be a “late bloomer” when it comes to things in general. I didn’t get into rap until 4 years ago, for example. Weird I know."
175986555,"Hello I am new! I was diagnosed bipolar in 2006. I have been on meds since the start, but lately my emotions have been so wild. I am normally pretty calm in the emotional department, but lately I have been all over and it does not feel like my meds going out. For example this evening I saw a large bug outside my front door and so I smashed and then I looked up what it was as I had never seen a bug like that. It was bumblebee and I cried cause I felt so bad for killing a bee! I am just wondering if anyone else has felt so out of whack like this before?"
175986556,I still haven't heard back from him. I haven't even heard from the receptionist telling me if he's on vacation or something.
175986557,I have a headache from caffeine withdrawal. Today was day 2 of 50 days caffeine free Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986558,Gonna sleep at ~2am. Really tired. Hopefully the Invega stops making me so tired soon. I woke up past noon the past 2 days in a row because the Invega is so sedating.
175986559,Can't sleep.. I need Xyrem to sleep..
175986560,"If you could have anything, is that what you'd choose?"
174383551,I took the day off and played games all day. It was nice but now I'm tired. For some reason I am a little sad. I guess maybe I need sleep.
175986561,"Doc said I can increase Next step would be too 100 mg. _PERSON_ recommended is 200 so I still have room. And some take more than 200. But I’m reluctant because I’m very much in the “take the lowest dose that does the trick” camp, and the higher I take the harder it may be to get off it, and also more dose likely means more side effects. So I’m uncertain."
175986562,Same to you my friend. My daughter used to take _PERSON_ and it was a game changer. After about 6 months though she had to stop using it. She was getting constant nose bleeds. Nothing since has worked as well though.
175986563,"I talked to some trippers.. I mentioned that I want to go back to when I was happy - One said ""You can"".. One is living in Germany but from El _NAME_. I said that I was depressed at age 16 but those 3 weeks of being in Central America was one of the happiest times of my life.. I feel like it's all my environment man.. Eventually I'll move away and have a better life. I was sitting by the fire yesterday and my mom was talking with that smart old man that reads a lot - And they were talking about how they both like travelling, family and food. But I should work towards that dream of travelling the world. The reason my parents divorced is cuz my dad didn't want to move to Spain. My dad travels everywhere now alone and reminds me of _NAME_."
175986564,Watching _NAME_ later (_NAME_ King) original version
175986565,I took my Rx & plan to take supplements later.
175986566,That sounds nice
175986567,Allergy eye drops work great for me It's ok to rub your eyes with the drops in - It makes it work better
175986568,"saw the doc today, talked about my lack of energy and anxiety. He upped my Lexapro to 20mg"
174383591,Ok let me give you a scenario. So for some reason tonight I thought about putting my finger in my belly button. Random thought when changing the t.v. channel. Accompanied by the thought dont tickle my belly button. Is that a schizophrenic type thought?
175986569,I kinda miss having the time to play these kind of beautiful games. Those horses are stunning and the chicken is hilarious....
175986570,Feeling kinda blah tonight
175986571,"I guess that there are good meditation videos on you tube. I learned from a little booklet I found at the grocery store years ago. Basically relaxing all the muscles in the body helps. From head to toe. I also have a mantra that I use. Feel free to email me and I will give you some tips. But there are so many different ways now. Mine are probably obsolete. I think it will work for you well. Let us know when you try it again. Keep us posted. I hope you have a nice day. Suppose to rain here. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986572,"Yes, I took all of them."
175986573,You can do it _PERSON_! You've been learning for so long that your brain isn't mush.. Make a reward for yourself to do after the exam..
175986574,I wouldn’t fire anyone until you had someone solid you like lined up for sure. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986575,"You're all beautiful cogladaid, newtus, and slumberkitty"
175986576,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ Hope you enjoyed church _AT_MENTION_ Have fun tonight _AT_MENTION_ I’m just laying around. I’d tell you all how physically bad I’m feeling but it’s pretty sickening to hear about all the time. I am just so over feeling badly all the time. _PERSON_ wants to go for a ride. Normally I’d be happy about that but I know in this case it’s just a ride to his dads house. That’s depressing. My daughter isn’t home yet. I dropped her off at 8:15! My aunt is fun so I’m sure she’s having a good time. I’m putting in a couple orders this weekend. Dress, shoes, purse, and bra for a wedding next month. Hoodie, lounge pants, leggings, rainbow shoes, tees, tanks, and a couple pairs of Bermuda shorts. Done for summer! Unfortunately now I’m broke lol."
175986577,"keep strong mate. The UK dilly dallied around too much, however, you will get through it. Keep reaching out, HT"
175986578,"Things turn out for the better. Remember, a depersonalized/derealized panic attack means you're growing mentally. It WILL pass and you'll feel much better - Even if it happens multiple times a week. Eventually, it becomes less and less (As long as you're not stupid like me and not take your meds as your supposed to - Which can take a long time to get the right adjustment but keep fighting)."
175986579,I don't trust anybody anymore. Not even my doctor or therapist. Not my parents. Nobody. Seriously. This is ridiculous. _USER_ID_: I need to say my true emotions otherwise I get no benefit from anything. And these are my true emotions.
175986580,"I'm doing really good right now. I'm learning tips from _NAME_. I made a morning routine and later will make a before bed one. I filled out a page of what I want to do tomorrow. There's so much more that I can do but I'm taking a break. I'm basically apathetic to the news right now. I don't care anymore in the slightest. I know crime will increase and disasters will happen - It's always been like that anyways depending on the area. Now it's just a wider area. My main goal is to prevent my mind from deteriorating - Also to have spontaneous ideas and insights like I had last year. I get my injection tomorrow and see my doctor. He'll be happy that I'm doing all of these things and have a new philosophical perspective - To be grateful, optimistic and apathetic. I believe that posting here has really helped me over the years. I've become much better as a person... I'm kind of pushing myself because I burned out this year with dissociative panic attacks but they aren't happening anymore as long as I take 
the 10mg of olanzepine every evening."
175986581,Cats are totally the best... big and small I like them all!
175986582,Some of my google searches from Sunday... LMAO. Wow.
175986583,"Hi! I’m 53 years old and I’ve suffered from anxiety and depression. I’ve had highs and lows over the years, and now I’m at a low and spiraling downward. I’ve been on so many different meds, they work for a while and then it seems I build up an immunity to them or I suffer from a side effect. I’ve been to many therapist, found an amazing therapist but unfortunately she has passed away. Last month I started seeing another therapist and after our session last night I felt worse. I’m not ready to give up on her yet, but I’m having my doubts. I had such a moment today, I decided to call my psychiatrist and asked to have my appointment moved up ASAP. The last time I met with him, I had a sense that he was giving up on me. I’m so grateful for my best friend, she always seems to have a way to calm me down and then proceed with my day. I work 4 days a week (38-40hrs) and babysitting my grandson one day a week. That is the happiest day of my week. I also love my job. I’m so sad and feel s
o alone (that no one understands, I don’t even understand why) when I have a great support. I need help and I don’t know what to do. I cry so much and if I don’t have any plans I stay in bed and cry all day. I just want to be happy, but don’t even know what happy is any more. I usually the one that does things for everyone and love doing it. But I’m falling fast and I want it to stop. I thought I was reaching out to the proper channels, am I? If any one can provide some words of encouragement, advise, success stories or stories in general please feel free to share them with me."
175986584,"Thank you, _PERSON_!"
175986585,"I was a production supervisor. Working 8-12 hrs day. Motivate, schedule, plan, meetings, etc. The rapport with upper levels of management can be very difficult. It takes a lot of conversation and I get aggitated easily. I don’t have the ambition and drive that I used to stay mentally engaged. I guess what scares me the most is that I don’t feel happy anymore. It takes the reward out of the job. I’ve never been a job hopper and now I haven’t been able to keep anything steady. This illness didn’t hit me until my early 30s. It turned my life upside-down and now I’m nervous and scared. I guess you didn’t ask all that, lol - it just came out."
175986586,took my morning meds but not my supplements.
175986587,I went from around 170lbs down to 163
175986588,"I'm pretty proud that I was able to cope today, I hadn't had negative thoughts/feelings like that in a very long time and it was hard not to act on them, but I made myself get through it"
175986589,Doing some retail therapy later! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986590,Good point. Yeah I think I'm gonna stick with my part-time job for now.
175986591,"Omg they are sooooo sweet, I should have gotten a smaller pack."
175986592,"546, it truly is a hurtful, isolating and difficult problem you are dealing with. Are the conversations you wish to share with the ones you are thinking about forbidden conversations? Conversations where the others show signs of their anger and you feel you must stop at that point? Or perhaps conversations that fall on deaf ears? Ones who are unwilling to see your points and why you feel the way you do? If so, then you have tons of company across this nation. There is an awful lot of division going on in families these days. Saying this does not make things any better. It is simply an acknowledgment of the state people are finding themselves in with their loved ones and friends too in the USA. Let me know if I am on the wrong track. _PERSON_"
175986593,Many healing thoughts i send ya. HT
175986594,Lost a few pounds
175986595,"I’m in such a similar position. I literally just made this account. This is my first experience with clinical depression, and I want to get past this, live my life, but it’s tough. Answers aren’t easy but reaching out in this manner is a great step. Today I was playing Tetris. It’s really engaging and interrupts negative thoughts. That’s a minor recommendation, but please just know you aren’t alone and will get through it."
174383618,"But maybe my negative symptoms are worse in other people's perspectives. Just like how I see people that smoke weed. If those people have it together and aren't too high/insane. It's just the meditative people that seem different but the philosophical, contemplative people like _NAME_ for example, seem either too into reality or too out of it. I don't really understand these connections. But maybe that's a good thing. I don't know the truth. But the more you connect the dots, the more deep into it you get. Just like conspiracy theorists. They shouldn't be damaging their minds by trying to know everything. But I think my perspective is that way because I have trouble by always reaching the end of solipsistic infinite knowledge that cause some type of emotion such as pain to put an end to the never ending infinite universe."
175986596,Good luck junk! Hope it’s smooth sailing
174383607,Doing good today. It's been about 6-7 months without antipsychotics now. Walking everyday with my dog has really helped with the ability to get some control over anxiety I get from audio and visual hallucinations. So has staying on anti depressants and mood stabilizers. Also have been contributing more with keeping up the house.
175986597,It normal to have periods where you feel like you’ve hit a wall with treatment/therapy? I feel like in general I have improved considerably from where I was a year ago but there are still things about myself that I haven’t learned to deal with or have gone a bit backwards with lately. I feel like I still make a number of the same mistakes when I should have learned by now to change and am concerned that the therapist is going to have enough of hearing this stuff from me. Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 6/11/2019 9:34:52 PM (GMT-6)
175986598,what they get is the people who tell them they created something amazing. it's a special type of satisfaction and elation to have others appreciate what you've made.
175986599,"Time for a new thread, who wants to make it"
175986600,"I do understand. I also have those thoughts and feelings. I do have a daughter and she is the most wonderful thing in the world. But, I constantly think about, what if she dies or gets sick? what if my husband dies or gets sick? I have health problems, what happens to them if I die? How will I handle my twin sister dying? My parents? My siblings? How will I handle it? I have these thoughts all the time when I am having a depression episode. I am currently having one now."
175986601,"_PERSON_, you just described exactly how I feel. Zackly. But you are not a fraud or impostor. That is bull#@$!. You have a badass brain disease that is incurable and has very li.ited rx options. You are doing great and you are my personal freaking hero. Huge hugs. We must just do what we can when we can. It is going to take longer to write right now. Stop being pissed and accept it. This is our brains. It is te deck we got dealt. And you are a hero."
175986602,"I got this weird email about a recent purchase from bed bath and beyond, it’s like a stroller....obvi didn’t buy that. Tried to call and after a time they hung up and said call back later. Tried online chat 500 deep. I’m thinking maybe they were hacked?"
175986603,Did anyone read my post? I know it's long. So sorry about that...
175986604,"Good luck, Sometimes!!"
175986605,I had a bath
175986606,"I have no real life friends =[ Avoidant personality disorder.. But no use now since the social distancing.. And the way people find friends is that they go to ""social gatherings"" and talk to people. How do people even do that? My gene copies or codes to do that in my DNA are probably deleted."
175986607,"Clearly there's a difference between sadness and depression. Sadness does require full expression, self-compassion and time. Depression can be chronic, not triggered by anything in particular, and may not resolve over time without treatment. While there are many treatments and methods to seek for both, understanding when sadness is depression is crucial to feeling and getting better. I'm speaking from personal experience but also from that of my two afflicted sons."
175986608,Lunch was crispy chicken strips with Buffalo sauce. Snack later will be a clementine. And dinner will be margherita pizza and broccoli
175986609,"Me: Do you know how to withdraw a person from benzodiazepines? Doctor: Yes Me: I'm just taking one a day. I can stop.. And if I do, I won't be anxious.. I just won't sleep.. I need to sleep.."
175986610,60 day water fast or no One sec I'll research
175986611,"I have, yes, BP"
175986612,Idk if I can work out today. I’m in a lot of pain/soreness from yesterday still
175986613,Me too!!!
175986614,"Sometimes you just need to recharge for a day or two, it’s impossible to be goal oriented all the time. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175986615,Oh I absolutely cannot summon the motivation to make small talk at any time.
175986616,I went to sleep around 11:45 PM and got up at 5:45 AM. That is decent for me.
175986617,That handsome head of yours!
175986618,If you wear a mask you need to wash your face after because it makes it worse.
175986619,"Let's not let this thread get political or _PERSON_ might have to lock it and it is a good thread. I think many people are doing the right things. I think others will catch on. I just hope they don't wait too long. The thing with the mask is it not only protects us, it protects others if we are carriers. I guess there are people who can spread it without having it. More scary stuff. Sorry... One day at a time is all we can do. It is all that is expected of us. I have to repeat that to myself many times a day. But it keeps the anxiety down some. Know I only have to get through this day or even just this moment. Hang in there everybody. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986620,Took a little 90 minute nap.
175986621,"That sucks, but if you need it, you need it. Do what you need to do to take care of yourself. HUGS!!!! _PERSON_"
175986622,So I’m having this party and didn’t invite my family... I feel a little guilty but they kinda suck the life out of me.
175986623,"Remission, to me, is when you are almost completely free of psychotic and mood symptoms, while taking psychotropic medications as ordered by your psychiatrist. Recovery, to me, is when you are completely free of all psychotic and mood symptoms, while not taking any psychotropic medications anymore. I fall under the former category. Some psychiatric health care professionals define Recovery as people who are still struggling with their psychiatric symptoms, taking psychotropic medications, and trying to build and utilize coping skills. I don't. I define them as still ill and struggling with their respective psychiatric illnesses. I believe that to even place these people in the category of ""recovered"" is a sham and a lie and does them a disservice. It could even work in such a way as to possibly end up denying them resources and services that they might need. Mental health professionals should really evaluate how they are categorizing and labelling their patients in ways that may ultimately harm t
hem in terms of what services and resources they may ultimately qualify for based upon arbitrary labelling. If this indeed is an issue, or may become an issue down the line."
175986624,"Yes! I finally took one, and put on some deodorant and some of my Valentino perfume, I smell really good"
175986625,I did a couple minutes ago
175986626,"I'm wondering what I should ask for, for my birthday next month."
175986627,Last I saw her was actually Sunday on fb.
175986628,So sorry you were feeling bad SK.....
175986630,"I call that one guilt planet, don’t get me wrong its excellent but it much more riddled with hey wake up you are the one killing the planet than any nature show I’ve seen."
175986631,"Was horrible, very depressed n pain n stuff but improving. HT"
175986632,"Me too. I mean I feel like I should be doing like 1000 things right now, but there's nothing really that provides me with much meaning in my life right now. Although I do know that in the past I've had similar feelings. And usually when I have felt this way in the past it was because I wasn't engaged as much in life. And I decided back in the past that studying provided me with meaning. And luckily my grad school program starts up again soon. So I am going to do that."
175986633,This really is a dilemma. I hope you can find the solution soon.
175986634,Yes! We need pix bb!!!
175986635,"Went to the store, it's getting really cold out Plan on making french toast tomorrow"
175986636,Yes probably so. Idk why I'm sad tho. Cuz I shouldn't be...
175986637,I'm so depressed. I'm so scared for my dad. First his car gets broken into. Then he busts his nose falling. Like idk man. And my grandma might pass. Idk what to do. I just feel like theres gonna be a hole in my heart soon. I feel like everything is collapsing around me.
175986638,Day 1 of no caffeine almost completed!
174383697,I'm not doing that well today. Seems like several people are having a hard time. Not sure if it's the way _USER_ID_ is lined up with Mars or something. But I hope everyone gets to feeling better.
175986639,"I’m sorry _PERSON_...I don’t have a solution for you, I really wish that I did....all I can do is give virtual hugs."
175986640,Vienna Blood looks good. It comes on too late for me to watch it and I don't have a DVR. But it looks fascinating.
175986641,"I barely slept at all. Maybe 2 hours. But I needed to come up to the car dealership to get my oil changed. They opened at 7:30am and its 8:30am and the guy said it's already an hour wait and 10 people are ahead of me. Ugh. Maybe because its Saturday and everyone is off from work. But I'm not waiting til next week and they arent open tomorrow. I thought I could wait til 8am in order to get even an hour of sleep. Oh well. And its freezing cold out. Like in the 30s. I'm exhausted and have black bags under my eyes. It looks really bad. And I still have stuff to do when I get home but I may skirt everything for a few hours to rest. Stuff that shouldn't be skirted, but I'm dead exhausted. I started my new haldol last night. I suspect me not sleeping might've been cuz my current obsession with my nintendo switch. I was googling ""obscure Nintendo switch games"" til 4am. Oh well."
175986642,Peppermint tea and sugar free spearmint gum
175986643,"If all I did was fill out that form, and sleep all weekend, I wouldn't be mad at myself."
175986644,"We're listening and do so because we care.. maybe mostly about ourselves and personally getting better, but also because we've been there too. Many of us understand. First of all, we hear you. Do we get it? Kinda.. back to your post subject: None of us completely understands anyone else in this world, it's just Relativity and the inability to be able to come up with just the right words to express what we're going through. Hang on, we're trying though. I don't want to give bad advice, but I would be open about the fact that you're more comfortable confiding in your Aunt. ""Look, ma.. no hard feelings but your sister is just easier to deal with right now, but hey, there's always tomorrow. There's still hope for all of us yet."" She probably already suspects that and perhaps even kicks herself for not being good enough or whatever, it might help her out by taking that load off her shoulders. It's okay to play second fiddle sometimes. No shame in that. So yes, talk with whomever listens best.. talk wi
th lots of people in different ways. Get it all out. But don't kick yourself either for the situation you find yourself. Deal with it and maybe it'll even possibly improve a little one day. All the best to you and yours,"
175986645,"I'm curious what exactly it is about having ""fear as your primary emotion, but everything else is somehow hard to feel,"" that confuses you? Also, how do you view causation of personality disorders? - Adaptive/environment - coping response/taught? - Being born that way? - Gradual but both? - Triggered onset by stressor(s)? Not related to having Schizoid PD and Avoidant PD, but when I was on high doses of antipsychotics, all I felt was anxiety. No enjoyable emotions, nor other distressing emotions like anger or depression (unless mixed with anxiety into confusing agitation). It seemed like the boil-over of emotions could only come out as anxiety and more psychosis. *I'm not suggesting it is a good idea for others to off their medications."
175986646,As old as your father is... is he capable to care for himself... does he have any issues such as dementia? I think my grandfather was that way before he passed away and he stopped taking care of himself properly.
175986647,Yeah! That's exciting! It's probably also anxiety provoking.
175986648,Good that you reported back. Hope this latest round of adjustments works out.
175986649,My mom is making yellow rice with fried tofu and chicken with some kind of salsa. Something like this.
175986650,Think I might’ve busted my toe Hit them on the corner of my night stand kicking my feet
175986651,"Chicken _NAME_ salad, it was amazing!"
175986652,"Update #5 onn online dating: I had my first date in 4-5 years last night. We met at the wrong place, so I ended up being 15 minutes late. But we had a good time. Food was greaet. We agree on most things. I got a peek into academic life. I'm unsure if I'll go on another date with her or another woman. I just don't know if I can do it."
175986653,_PERSON_ makes me sleepy xd
175986654,I was kind to myself today. I took a walk during break and ate a healthy salad for lunch. I'm trying to build the good habits again.
175986655,"I can only give you some suggestions from what I've experienced with my own mentally ill mother (I'm 68 now) and what I've seen as a nurse. Some of the things you said in your post sounded an awful lot like my mother. I always walked on egg shells growing up, and I can tell you that it's impossible to say the right thing. And if you are quiet, that will be wrong as well. Some people will have to find a way to shift the blame on to you. And as a nurse, I can say that not all medications work well for everyone, especially psych meds. It's important to find the right combinations for people and it can be different for everyone, And not all therapists are good. That is also an individual thing. If I was in your shoes, I would talk to her therapist, and the person prescribing the meds and ask a lot of questions. It sounds like she is in crisis and you need to take charge of her care. If she really is spiraling, you've got to get the right help for her."
175986656,Stitchy | Free Listening on SoundCloud My music.
175986657,I don't know where to start with what to tell my psychiatrist tomorrow. I guess just that my depression has been bad and my anxiety has been bad because I'm afraid to leave my apartment since I think I'll be arrested even though there's no logical reason I would be and I'm afraid they're going to bust through my door and come after me. I feel on the verge of crying a lot because I'm so scared
175986658,"You're taking a step with your post, I think. I remember that half of a step is a step. I don't like advice usually. I'm grateful since you posted. Sincerely, "" D. """
175986659,I'm home from a weekend at my dads and a birthday dinner at my moms. In a good mood
175986660,"Hello, welcome to the forum"
175986661,Purchased on my ps4.
175986662,Green tea with lemon--yum!!
175986663,"How is that pain now, newtus?"
175986664,"Trying to put together a bday party for fiance and inviting his closest friends. I am getting a quote for renting a mobile video game truck. It's like a trailer, but inside the trailer is all state of the art stuff to game with. Multiple consoles and games to choose from. They come to you. It was either that or reserve a space at a gaming cafe, but with fiances friends being all over texas, I'm not sure. The trailer can fit up to 18 people gaming apparently, with 18 or so tvs and consoles. Like 350 dollars or so dependent on what u need and want. They do birthday parties, and in that price the bday boy/girl gets a 50 dollar bag of gaming goodies."
175986665,"Growing up blamed, yelled at, and frequently beaten for any- and everything that went wrong, even distant things that logically had nothing to do with me, has conditioned me into being a lying opportunist. Lying and telling people what I think they want to hear is my default survival setting, even when I'm not under threat. Because, while growing up, the person closest to me was my worst enemy (all evidence points to this, despite the fact that my brainwashed self still finds it unbelievable), I habitually treat all of society as my enemy, to be deceived and kept at bay. Yet I am capable of searing, almost suicidal honesty, and am working to remain in that state of awareness as much as possible, but without speaking my mind, because doing so is almost always pointless and only causes pain. My lying or being honest has everything to do with being aware , which takes conscious effort. So, I think I must look like I'm always in pain, because staying ""real"" is a struggle, like trying to walk along th
e bottom of a swimming pool, constantly fighting the tendency to float."
175986666,Yea haha. It got extremely positive reviews.
175986667,Hi I hope your appointment went well today? Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175986668,"Maybe I'll try moving my Xbox and TV into the living room, there's usually a better connection in there than in my bedroom"
174383727,"I had one and am in favor for one. They do more than just oversee your “case”. Anything u need, they can help you with. From jobs to housing, to even where’s a cheap place to get a haircut. They know the area very well."
175986669,"I took a picture of my stomach so I can compare it throughout my time losing weight In order to lose 1lb a week I'll need to eat 1,192 calories a day"
175986670,"_PERSON_, I too am sorry to hear all that is going on to cause you stress and challenge your health management both mentally and physically. Of course what we experience emotionally can have a direct effect and trigger CI issues. Do your best at this time to manage your overall well being. It is not easy, so know we are cheering you on, and here for your support anytime. Wellness thoughts for both you and your aunt! _PERSON_"
175986671,"Hi _PERSON_, You use to post on depression so I remember you. Have you thought about going into rehab? Or would that spike your anxiety too much? Drinking alcohol does add to anxiety problems. Or can add. So it isn't a very good idea, though when you do it, it feels like it is helping. I hope you get to the bottom of things, keep posting as it helps. I hope you feel better soon. I know the feeling about leaving the house. It can be difficult. Take care _PERSON_. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986672,Another day with 3 hours of sleep
175986673,"Saw my therapist. Got the letter stating my cats are emotional support animals. Also met with my care manager filled out the voc rehab program application. They will help with interviews, resumes, etc. You go to this education place for awhile and learn all that stuff. They guarantee you'll get a job within a certain amount of time. We're also looking into section 8 housing since there's a lot more options than the supportive housing place I applied to, and it doesn't look like there's going to be an opening any time soon there. So that will get me into a new apartment hopefully soon with reduced rent and things will be a lot easier financially with that and a part time job. Then the plan is to start classes again in the spring to finish my associates degree while working"
175986674,"I'll check that out, thanks!"
175986675,Oh! I wish I could do that! My friend last saw me when I had lost ten pounds. Now I've gained almost 40 pounds and I'm dreading him seeing me. Good luck with your fitness goals!!!
175986676,U will rock it!!
175986677,"My anxiety has been high lately. I find myself ruminating on past mistakes. I also find myself going over past situations,looking for mistakes. Logically, I know this does no good, but I can't help my feelings or thoughts. Just curious if others do the same thing as well?"
175986678,"Just got back from the dentist. I took klonopin beforehand so I didn't panic. Had my favorite dentist so that's good that he's still working there. He started doing work on one tooth in preparation for a root canal. And he did another regular filling since he had time before his next appointment. Just gotta wait back to hear from insurance about the root canal approval, once I hopefully get that they can do it. He also prescribed Amoxicillin for possible infection, so I'll be taking that 3 times a day for however long I'm supposed to.Then I have an appointment later this month for another regular filling. I have so much work that needs to be done. One thing I really regret about bulimia is how much it ****_NAME_ up my teeth. Oh well, can't change the past. Can only learn from it and move forward."
175986679,"Thank you,, I'll work on trying to see food that way The obsession comes and goes. I'll go through phases where it's harder and phases where it's much less of a problem. I definitely don't want to end up in the ER again , so I'm making myself eat"
175986680,_PERSON_ you have a lot on your plate-wishing you the best outcomes and peace Hi SC- hope all is well MMB you must be happy-there was no mercy for the Dolphins today I am still stumbling through each day but my anxiety is really overshadowing my depression and have been relying on xanax at night. my ra is acting up too
175986681,"I signed up to do reddit gift exchange. With the amount of money I dont have, I wouldn't mind anything, even if its homemade. Redditors are weird people, so I'm certain I will get something at least somewhat unique."
175986682,Anyone have this terrible health anxiety when sick? ???
175986683,"The library was still open when I met up with my friends for dinner so I went ahead and picked up that book I had on hold request, look forward to getting into it"
175986685,"I miss my mom, nothing is the same without her. Especially holidays. January will be 4 years"
175986686,You know I was just thinking of that guy that yelled at me at work.....then the droplets appeared.......
175986687,Yes _NAME_ I do use it or ice pack! Today it’s not so bad. I do have jaw pains but I also grind my teeth
175986688,A mind rest I would describe it as lying in a hammock
175986689,I take a stimulant Vyvanse which really helps me. When I don't take it all I want to do is sleep in bed. I have ADHD inattentive type.
175986690,"Idk why, I just don’t feel like doing a darn thing today. So sad. Maybe it’s the weather too. Rain usually perks me up but idk. It’s not even raining but it’s about to. That pre-rain weather. Cloudy and broody sky."
175986691,"Today was a good day, it was better then yesterday. I wish that I didn’t have tension with my boyfriend. He’s done ? nothing but be there for me. Love and support me. And I am having a difficult time dealing with my bipolar. I just recently was clinically diagnosed with bipolar. I’m sober almost 3 years."
175986692,"My mom's drama again. Her bf is stalking her. I try to live in the moment, try to be creative, logical, calm, focuses. I give up. I have given up! We should all give up together... No that's bad advice.. nvm"
175986693,"showered, washed my hair put on clean clothes for a change bought myself breakfast out perfume"
175986694,Maybe I'll see if the library has any events coming up. Sometimes they show movies or have adult coloring nights. They have museum passes too
175986695,I'm getting a bit anxious because i have been sick since last sunday and my grandson was sick a couple days before me. i also have crohns disease. I started with a mild headache and a sore throat ( which i never get) and then on Monday i started with a cough that i cough up greenish and yellowish stuff once in a while but mostly just feels like i got something in there and just can't cough it up. Im very tired and just feel weak but no fever. i think the anxiety is i read that the fever can come later so i just pray i don't get a fever. i hope this passes soon. i sometimes feel the shortness of breath is from anxiety. anyway I'm trying not to go to the doctor because i don't want to get it if this is not what i have and I'm hoping if it is what i have it passes soon.
175986696,"It’s good to hear from you. You say, “My anxiety is... A low but audible roar this past week. I was going to call my Dr and discuss increasing the buspar but I feel like I'm hoping for a miracle drug to completely stop all anxiety, fear and worry.” You said you’re taking Prozac 60 mg. (which net says is an anti-depressant that also treats anxiety) and recently in last two weeks started taking Buspar 10 mg. (net says is anti-anxiety). As for the Prozac, you said on 9-10-2020 you had been taking it “for years.” _NAME_ said on 10-6-2020, “could be after many years your prozac has stopped working? this is common with ssri drugs. i was on zoloft for 6 years and it stopped working . this is another thing to discuss with your dr.” You said you’ve been taking Prozac for years. Did it work for you OK at the start? Did it quit working? For on 9-10-2020 you said: “I can say those things but I can't stop my brain from making it into a nuclear bomb of terror and chaos. Racing thoughts, hot, 
cold, sweating, goosebumps, that suddenly burning feeling starting in your stomach and the burn goes out through your body, pounding heart. You know the deal. “My psychiatrist has me on 60 mg of Prozac _NAME_, I've been on Prozac for years.” You said the above had been going on for a week. So, was the Prozac holding back those feelings for years, and then a series of events broke through the Prozac? Is that what you think happened? Is the Prozac working OK? And then you a month ago started the Buspar anti-anxiety at 5 mg., then a day or two later you were up to10 mg. But with that you say now, on 11-8-2020, “A low but audible roar this past week. I was going to call my Dr and discuss increasing the buspar but I feel like I'm hoping for a miracle drug to completely stop all anxiety, fear and worry.” Do you think the Prozac is doing it’s part? In the search engine, I type in “medicines for anxiety,” and among the first five or so web sites, Webmd.com says, “Examples of SSRIs that are commonly us
ed to treat chronic anxiety include citalopram (Celexa), escitalopram (Lexapro), fluoxetine (Prozac), paroxetine (Paxil), and sertraline (Zoloft). The antidepressants duloxetine (Cymbalta) and venlafaxine (Effexor), SNRIs (serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors) which act on the brain chemicals serotonin and norephinephrine, and some of the tricyclic antidepressants like imipramine (Tofranil), may also help. Novel antidepressants such as mirtazepine (Remeron) are also prescribed at times.”Post Edited (_NAME_) : 11/8/2020 7:23:47 PM (GMT-7) 12"
175986697,They had to cut a giant hole in my wall to get to the pipes to fix my tub. So that's gonna have to be fixed too
175986698,Yay bluebird!
175986699,Meds don't do **** but cover up the intractable problems I have. I will never recover. I don't know how to accept this illness.
175986700,Fried okra is totally awesome! No slime at all.
175986701,"Sometimes I like to say that everything is in my head. But that's not true. Other people are real in the same environment - I just have to use a little imagination to sync the few nanoseconds or whatever of time difference in time and space between perceptions. Welp.. That's all I have to say.. If I was on a weed gummy right now, I'd be typing about this for hours =]"
175986702,This is soooo beautiful!!
175986703,I wish you and your children all the best. Good luck to you all.
175986704,"Please read: I highly recommend you guys download Sanvello. It’s a new app that I had originally applied to work as a peer coach on there but didn’t get chosen. It’s beyond what I could imagine in an app. It’s sort of like having your own case management team on your phone. But i got paired with a coach and a therapist, REAL people, not an AI or anything. I can log my mood, my habits, etc more. They have group coaching sessions. They have chat rooms for every topic and even separate discussion boards like the gratitude board and more. Guided meditation, etc. I think I’ve finally found my final mental health tracking app. Only bad thing is it actually costs money, but good thing is that they take insurance too. Otherwise it’s like 50 dollars a month. But with that 50 you get all the features plus contact the coach and therapist any time you want, as many times as u want. Y’all, please look into it, it’s slowly changing my life. An app... yea I know, but it’s done a lot for me in th
e 2 days I’ve been using it. The coach has really motivated me on my goals that I told her I wanna accomplish. I’m on a 2 week free trial right now. I’m personally using this and a sobriety and a weight loss app to help get me ready for pregnancy. But this really is for everybody. This app shocked me at how good it is and accessible and everything!"
175986705,"Why not tell him what you said here? Not word for word, but say it in a way that he will understand. I'm certainly no expert. I've never been honest about my feelings in the relationships I've had, but from what I know, in theory, being honest and open with your partner is best. It may bring about some pain, but that might be better than drawing out your frustration indefinitely. When honesty is lacking in a troubled relationship, nothing gets solved. It drags on, each person suffers more and more until *boom*, you're suddenly living in some sad, sappy love song. Life is too short to putter around in a painfully unsatisfying relationship. Honesty can resolve things. It may suck, but at least you can move on. Be aware that this will probably be much more difficult for him than you. Schizoids do not like it when people open up and spill their hearts out. It makes them aggravatingly uncomfortable and implies that they too must open up about how they feel which is extremely difficult for them. He might 
refuse to show you his feelings. He might withdraw more. He might even get angry or weird. But if you present it as a sort of ultimatum, and you make that clear, the onus is on him to either bite the bullet and open up, or to lose you. I'm tempted to suggest also that you consider accepting him as he is and live with it, but it's been my experience that for most ""normal"" people, this is usually not an option; they want more from their partner than schizoids are willing to give."
175986706,Idk if smoking weed is good or bad for me. It just relaxes me before I watch videos and such but possibly causes mild cognitive impairment. It doesn't get me high anymore. It just relaxes.
175986707,I have very low confidence in myself right now. My inspiration is almost completely dead. But I'll try to make an effort to go to the gym every day for half an hour.
175986708,ive done the same. been in therapy off and on since a teen and not once did i mention the childhood abuse i endured. i didnt wanna talk abt it or work on it..didnt wanna cry at all or feel any of that. so its unresolved and probably will never be.
175986709,"I heard I'm supposed to be moved somewhere. I don't know if it's back to my old room, or to a state hospital. Very worried."
175986710,I saw you on a long time last night into the night. I was playing random games for the first time on my switch for quite awhile.
175986711,Be safe bb
175986712,I think why I'm feeling off is because I made a quick decision to apply for a job I've basically never thought about realistically doing before. And I am feeling badly because I made that kind of impulsive choice today. I always feel bad after I make impulsive choices.
175986713,Great job _AT_MENTION_!
175986714,"Morning, got a couple donuts at the store"
175986715,Yes just took one
175986716,ugh my tooth hurts so bad.. I wish it was the 18th already since that's the day I'm getting it extracted.
175986717,I’ve been feeling like the ward people are poisoning me too and out to kill me...it’s been hard and I think they’re part of some plot against me...
175986718,"It’s ok. I actually feel normal today and motivated. Little sleepy all day but not too much cuz I slept all day yesterday. Got started on the Pokémon expansion pass. Tomorrow’s the big day. Spent some time with fiancé looking at the oculus website to see what kinds of games and experiences they offer. Think I’m gonna try experiences first like National Geographic VR, Wander, the green book, the music one, and others."
175986719,"My sister said there's a new _NAME_ Kart game for the iPhone and iPad that came out _AT_MENTION_ ET today. I don't know if the game is available on Android, but it looks pretty cool. My sister said you can add friends and stuff and play against people online."
175986720,Sounds like a win ?
174383802,Algae omega from Nordic naturals subs for fish oil....
175986721,Feeling better this morning.. I had psychosis last night. Cuz of ket.. shhh but I get the Invega Trinza injection tomorrow.
175986722,My sister will be able to get an appointment for _NAME_ to see the vet starting tomorrow (we enter phase 4 tomorrow here in upstate NY) so non emergency vet appointments will be allowed. Then I just gotta get another copy of the letter from my doctor and therapist and she can move in with me. I'll have a kitty again!!!!
175986723,Hi folks It’s that time again how’s your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_.
175986724,My friend is coming over to hang out Saturday
175986725,"I’m watching something about schizophrenics having tea, it really relaxing me"
175986726,"I added you back:) im sorry you understand this, its a painful thing to experience"
175986727,"Morning. Slept from 8 PM - 3.00 AM, still trying to wake up.."
174383796,"Hello _AT_MENTION_ I see this is your first post to PC so welcome! I don't have paranoid schizophrenia but I have schizoaffective disorder--depressed type. I do get paranoid at times. I am really good at staying on my meds though. It seems like your question is whether he will remember your talks and whether he will have more insight on meds. I think it is likely if the meds are the right combination for him. There are a lot of meds out there and it can be trial and error to get the right ones. Some mental hospitals are better than others. The one I was at wasn't that great. My regular Pdoc (psychiatrist) was better and put me on better medications. It is hard to discern reality when unmedicated. It's like your brain is telling you stuff and it is so true at that time for the person. Looking back I can tell some of my delusions were just that, delusions, but no one knew how to help me when I was having them. But now I know it was a delusion. At the time I didn't know. Might want to check out a loca
l _USER_ID_ meeting. Some are being held virtually like via Zoom right now because of the pandemic. Anyway, they have one for loved ones of people with mental illness. You might get some insight and support there and all the _USER_ID_ meetings I have been to are free. Likewise, you might want to seek out professional help for yourself. Just a couple of sessions with a psychologist or therapist to help you understand what is going on with your loved one. Also can help you understand how to help him when he is off his meds. Depending on your relationship you may be able to get a thing from the court where he basically becomes a dependent and you take over finances and help him stay on meds and stuff. I don't know how easy that is. I think it is a conservatorship or something like that. I don't have one but luckily my pdoc has always been willing to talk to my parents. PM me if you want and I will try to help your more. Maybe some others will have a good ideas for you. Best, Kit."
175986728,omg _NAME_ is my favorite show of all time!
175986729,I need to wake up in the morning with a coffee by the beach **** I can't take this anymore
175986730,That’s terrible DT.....
175986731,"My sims suddenly takes forever to load and once it loaded it becomes laggy. I don’t know how to fix this, anyone?"
175986732,I did not today
174383814,"That was the same for me, at one point my doctor was considering clozaril then started vraylar and it ended up being an amazing med for me"
175986733,Yes! Haha!
175986734,"I'll get it next month then, that will be my game purchase for the month of March"
175986735,"yes, showered and washed my hair."
174383815,"I hope the Zyprexa is helping. I used to take that one years ago. I'm on Risperdal now. I have a repetitive voice. It's non-sensical and doesn't make sense to me. When I'm stressed, it goes on and on. Mainly it hums though. Especially if I'm working on music. I'm not familiar with alters. I'm sorry you have that. Know that I'm wishing you the best and sending good thoughts your way."
175986736,Hope you feel better soon Newtus ??
175986737,Hi Everyone I am _NAME_ from Long Island New York. I am simply beginning to think about a bipolar issue. the bipolar issue is otherwise called the hyper burdensome ailment I Hope this gathering will support me and guide me to find out about bipolar disorder. thanks ahead of time.
175986738,Oatmeal and a roll
175986739,We reached 100 pages so I made a new Roll call Roll Call 152
175986740,"So i read a little bit more on the usda loan. Its 0 down payment and very low interest rate, and very low mortgage insurance cost. Which is awesome! So we wouldnt need a down payment to get a house. We are eligible for the loan to. I read the requirements. But only thing I'm concerned about is our debt to income ratio, and our credit. But we will figure that out this Saturday at the appointment we made for the pre-approval process."
175986741,Chocolate satin pie
175986742,"I did not want to get up this morning, but I made myself. Similarly, I did not want to come to work today, but I made myself. Now I am at work and am kind of bored. Which means I have lots of time for my thoughts and feelings. I think this is adding to the depression. I should get some journaling done for therapy. I don't feel very motivated. I did manage to get weekly therapy appointments for the next six weeks. Everyone says this is good. Hopefully it helps me stay more stable."
175986743,I'm sorry. Remember yesterday you said you were doing better though!
175986744,Nice!
175986745,Up n down. Lots of chaos n anxiety. Went to choc factory with support service yesterday...it was awesome. Great vibe....great cafe...yup turtle likes his coffee!!! _PERSON_ bought a small block....delish. HT
175986746,"Please read my response to this post, I encourage you to seek God. He created this world and everything in it, He knows the number of hairs on your head, He wants you to come to Him so badly. Its hard to wrap your head around that but its the complete truth. We are coming up on the resurrection of our savior Jesus in a few days, did you know He didn’t have to die? He chose to die a gruesome death because He saw you and loves you that much, to give up His life. Know that God cares and I do too. I am praying for you my friend."
175986747,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Can you restart the medication? Maybe you should call your doctor or at least talk to a pharmacist? HUGS Kit
175986748,Speaking of tech support my chrome wasn’t working and I was like hmm just uninstall and reinstall....didn’t fix it like aw snap on every page. Asked the bf he tried the same then was like oh we have a fix for this but it will _USER_ID_ your registry. I was all idk registry _USER_ID_ is like tricky stuff idk.....after even trying to clean failed I was like let’s try it and it worked. Perks of an IT bf....
175986749,"Nope, not today."
175986750,"It's good to see you _NAME_, I was wondering how you were doing. Have you been watching anything good?"
175986751,"I'm so sad today. I've been crying all day, I can't get out of bed. I called one of my sisters but that's it. I can't function."
175986752,Don't take me seriously. I'm just mentally ill. Which should be taken seriously but I don't want anyone to because I don't care. I meditated without any intention to meditate. I looked at my ps4 and realized that it is God. Everything is God. Everything is the same and imaginates itself. I'll just reincarnate into everything so I don't really care.
175986753,no not today
175986754,"What a weird world we’re living in. Some people are being sent to work from home with laptop (not me yet). My psychologist called and said my appointment next week we could do over the phone if I wanted. I decided to keep the appointment in person, but that could change. My doctor’s office called and said my appointment at the end of the month will be over the phone. They’re limiting people coming to the clinic. I think my doctor is on self quarantine right now because he recently went to California. They can fax a prescription to the pharmacy if I needed anything changed. We were talking last month about doubling my lexapro to help with my anxiety and that. I was anxious and a bit dissociative today. Pulled out some of my eye lashes. Ugh. But I’m stocked up on food and booze. I’m good. Just work and home. Work and home."
175986755,Oh yes... the BINGO.. I did forget that is what it is all about. I am sorry but feeling I am part of a new wave dadaism won't cut it. ... but maybe you are on to something with CHAIR SUN _PERSON_
175986756,The space launch was postponed. I get nervous when people go up in rocket ships.
175986757,Yes! I love apple season I always get tons of fresh locally grown ones
175986758,Fiances best guy friend came over.
175986759,"a once strong and thriving trust system has been shattered. while both you and your wife may have reasons on why this painful event occurred, it's natural to want to repair such a relationship. i agree with another replier, communication of your paranoid (but completely understandable) feelings surrounding your marriage's infidelity is important. maybe this conversation will lead to more security on your end? in my experience, i have dreams about irl events when i overanalyze and bottle up an issue that i try to avoid talking about. while i've never experienced your situation perhaps that's what's causing the bad dreams. i hope all will be well."
175986760,"ugh **** the police, politicians, and businessmen and fat-cats."
175986761,"I have a T appointment with a new T Dr. K today. I got a doxy.me text on my phone to connect with the doctor at 2 o'clock. I've never used doxy.me. It doesn't look too intimidating. I watched a youtube video on it. My parents are going to leave the house when I have my appointment. I am sure the first one is going to be a lot of background but I'm not entirely sure what to say if the doctor is like, so what brings you here today? Um......."
175986762,Beef pot roast.....
175986763,"getting my labs done monday, hopefully I'll be able to get my meds tuesday or I'll run out"
175986764,At my job they’re introducing this IDP (individual development plan) for career goals. I think it’s a good idea and helpful. I have a general idea where I want to go with my career within the company but it would be nice to set more goals internally within the company. In addition to my university studies.
175986765,an apple and some water
175986766,"bad headache, having to miss php"
175986767,Morning folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. My Mum has her last session of Chemotherapy this coming Tuesday it's been a real slog for her and fingers crossed it has worked she also has a scan on Tuesday after her _PERSON_ to see if the cancer is gone. She will have a 2 week break then she starts 4 weeks of Radiotherapy. This has taken a big toll and my Dad he has been really worried and he has had a sudden worsen of his Parkinsons so is now at the stage where he needs full time care getting old sucks. I have now done 8 sessions of CAT therapy (8 to go) and have found it really helpful much better than CBT so I can recommend it. I am having extreme pain in my left big toe I had an Xray and just waiting for the results but the doctor suspects that I have arthritis in the joint. It has been affecting my walking so I have not been able to exercise as much as I would like so that sucks to. Anyway that's enough about me how are you all doing? _PERSON_
175986768,You need to stop relying on electricity. The end times are now. Stockpile candles. Hundreds of them.
175986769,clean clothes fruit salad laundry
175986770,"Went to the library and returned the books. On the way back I got myself an iTunes card for a reward. I won't be able to get _NAME_ this Friday, it can take up to 14 days to get the accommodation approved"
175986771,"Thanks for all the replies. I made the mistake of taking it at night because that's when I take my lexapro. I did so so the first night, was up most of the night last night. So my anxiety is up today. I will wait to take it in the morning tomorrow and from here on out. Insomnia seems to be the only side effect so far, which I guess is good. Once I get in the right schedule, I am hoping it will help."
175986772,"There was a time many years ago I couldn't shut off my mind at night and couldn't sleep. I had a few people to talk with but I have always been a private person. My inner most feelings never got out. My emotions kept building. I had one young son to take care of and another one in residential placement. So I bought a note book; like you use in school, and just began to write. Didn't matter what. Soon everything just came out. My hand got tired so I would rub it and take breaks. Before I knew it the alarm was going off to get my son up for school. I had wrote all night and filled the entire notebook, front to back. I got up and went to the wood stove and tossed it in. I didn't want anyone to have a chance to read it and I didn't need it. But I felt better. I went and bought more notebooks. I think I did that for three nights in a row. I had calluses where my pen rested when I wrote. But well worth it. I felt so refreshed! Why not give this a try? You don't have to write at night. Any time would work
. If you do and it helps, please let me know if you want. Hope you feel better soon."
175986773,I tried some modern version of stoicism.....it worked for a couple of days but then it seemed too negative in a way.....
175986774,A good shrink....meds are a must with bi polar disorders. Medication is standard practice for bi polar. It is a chemical imbalance in the brain. With meds support you will stabilize. HT
175986775,"I don't know how to help, but I want to let you know I'm here. I just found this forum looking for help and more than anything I just wish I had someone that would sit beside me, offer me a hand to hold, and tell me everything will be ok and that they will stay with me as long as I need. If it helps at all, I would offer to sit with you and listen to you if I knew you. You can send me a message if you'd like to talk. Hope the best for you."
175986776,"I had a dream I found a cute rat and named him Lucky, took him everywhere with me lol"
175986777,"No not for quite some time , this really actually hurt"
175986778,"With our meds, we hear things every day, but not voices, just like Possible trigger: growls or hisses at the moment . The medicine keeps the voices and the visuals away usually. We will start to see things toward the end of our shot's duration, though. So we guess we kind of are every day..."
175986779,I'm going to phone my therapist tomorrow and make an appointment cuz I really need help with my severe lack of motivation.
175986780,I think I will reward myself with a haircut when I get thinner. I’m gonna look ugly with the one I want being this weight.
175986781,"Here they are Attached Images 50E67CEC-08C1-4F87-A222-A897A1C48BCA.jpg (352.7 KB, 10 views)"
175986782,So sorry you are in pain _AT_MENTION_ I hope you feel better soon
175986783,Oh no. What’s going on?
175986784,There have been snow flurries on and off today. It keeps changing from bright and sunny to dark and gloomy and it’s still super windy
175986785,"Bad news, friend. Global warming is going to suck the nutrients out of rice, which is devastating because so many use it as their main source of carb."
175986786,Read for a couple hours. Will try to finish up the book later tonight.
175986787,"How about a water pistol. Everytime the cat ransacks the garbage, shoot a burst of water at her. I don't know if it will work, but it's worth a try. I feel evil for suggesting it. Someone told me to do that though."
175986788,The ice cream row is empty again
175986789,An egg wrap
175986790,"A bowl of oatmeal with some plain cocoa powder, splenda, and berries in it"
175986791,"Thanks! Yes I wish there was something like that to help them chill lol I'm also planning on buying a more comfortable carrier for them, I was looking at the side/top loaders too. I'm hoping something like that will be less traumatic for them. They do get strong as an ox like you said when you try to put them in lol"
174383884,"You are not alone , maybe changing doctors would be a option , or maybe the medication isn’t working anymore and he needs a adjustment . I get how hard and how lonely it can feel . I have schizoaffective , I get what you mean . Maybe going for a walk ,taking a shower , take care of yourself too to have the energy to help him . Ask him what can you do to make him feel better . I think communicating that with him will help . This my thoughts hopefully it helps but your not alone many of us deal with this"
175986792,That’s EXACTLY like me. EXACTLY. To a T! Hahahaha! Especially with the food.
174383898,I have to stop agreeing with everyone about basically everything. I guess I'm a pushover and am wishy-washy about everything. That's no good. I wish I could wave a magic wand and be instantly better from that tomorrow. But it isn't possible.
175986793,Mmm tasty what are you going to get?
175986794,What’s your take on electric blankets? I for one love them but some people find the wires uncomfortable.
175986795,I got my Covid shot on Sunday. My arm is not too sore now.
175986796,I've been to the Monterey Aquarium at night. This huge stinking Tuna fish came barreling at the glass wall. I backed up about 10 feet because I thought he was going to crash through it and then he swerved at the last second. Scared me to death. I do remember they had cool jelly fish displays. I can't wait to go to the Long Beach one next week. I've been but it's been a while--10 or 11 years. I took two of my sister's kids last time and one had just turned 5. She's turning 16 this year. So 11 years. Boy does time fly!
175986797,Yeah we have a week long midterm next week...fun fun fun
175986798,"Went to the doctors. They took me off the pain killer and put me on meds for my intestines. They put some gas inside them before the surgery to make the surgery easier or something like that and it messed up with my intestines now. I took a nap. I feel sleepy now but I feel good. Ordered some art supplies, watercolors set, a set of brushes, watercolors book, watercolors papers, a drawing pen, and a box pallet. Can’t wait to paint again, still have lots of acrylic paints and canvases ready to use. After I know how to use watercolors I will start learning how to sketch and doodle. I want to try some oil paintings too. One by one."
175986799,Thanks for this!!!! I need a 512! And I just installed xenoblade and was wondering why it said it would take 2 hours even with my internet speeds topping 200
175986800,The weed last night gave me nausea. I threw up.
175986801,Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone. I want able to fall asleep last night. So tonight I'll sleep better i guess. Talked with my therapist. He's really good.
175986802,Hugs bpc....
175986803,Tomorrow is that Easter egg paint off here and they’re gonna have spaghetti with garlic knots. I’m gonna try to go. I just have to go downstairs in the morning when the case manager is there and ask her what time it is _PERSON_ from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175986804,"I've been reading a lot. My concentration is so much better, I'm happy about that because I love to read!"
175986805,.
175986806,Omg 11 11 online big sales here. I got 5 canvases 20x20 cm only for $3 including shipping! But you can only buy 5 max.
174383906,"Not very many doctors in _NAME_ prescribe clozapine. Thanks though. I mean I would see if I can get another doctor at my clinic and ask my case manager for a different one but I don't like my case manager either because I keep having to reschedule **** because she ""didn't put it down in her book"" and I'm always getting someone else to pick me up. Then again I'm seeing if I can get into a group home and she's helping me with it. Not sure what to do. I do like my counselor (sometimes lol)... however, she doesn't want to focus on the spirits and demons. She wants to focus on self esteem."
175986807,"I had eggs with cheese, bacon, sausage, and hash browns for breakfast with my Dad."
175986808,Anyone here have diagnosed OCD? If so I would be interested to hear from you.
175986809,scared to take meds
175986810,Happy Thanksgiving!!
175986811,Nope...just had to push through it worked out ok
175986812,I had a good day. Literally fit in my 6 or 7 things to do on a time crunch.
175986813,"Okay, will do!"
175986814,"Was the person you were chatting with a friend or therapist? Honestly, I'm a big believer in optimism and hoping for the best. Not in a wild or unsafe way of course. But I think when we live with mental illness, it can be really problematic if we think ourselves into a corner. Do you know what I mean by that? That's what happens when I feel very depressed....my world gets smaller and smaller and my hope starts to diminish. For about two years now I've been training myself to step out of that thinking, as much as possible....to think of myself as a person with strengths and needs (like everyone else) rather than ""broken"" or ""limited"" or ""disabled."" Moving to a new state would be a huge change with stress. The only person who knows if that's right for you is YOU. I think it would take planning and some nicely established coping strategies. I think it is important that people follow their dreams. Do you talk to a therapist? Could you start having a dialogue and plan for meeting new goals....step 
by step over time? You have my support"
175986815,I took this one online quiz for bipolar and answered yes to everything and it's like 'bipolar negative'. ****ing crock of ****.
175986816,"Here I am again. Oversleeping, eating less and feeling empty and lost. Another day - Another struggle with my demons. It has been 8 years already since my demons arrive but a part of me still wonders if a day will come where I can view the world differently. I hope that day comes. And soon. Because the words ""Just give up"" are getting louder and louder inside my mind."
175986817,"I'm on the list for the free food delivery, since I have no money and hardly anything left to eat, it will likely be tomorrow though since they have a 24 hour delay right now but that's okay"
175986818,I just found out from fiancé that the baby we were almost needing to adopt at one time. His niece. Her dad is dying from cancer.
175986819,"OG, A change in routine IS challenging for those of us with anxiety! I completely understand how you are feeling today. I applaud you for your willingness to switch things up and do believe that this will be a positive step with much growth opportunity for you. I love your positive mantra, and think it will serve you very well. Like you said, after today you *will* be able to say you have done it before and therefore can do it again! Congrats in advance! S.C."
175986820,"I went to the store, took the trash out, took a 15 minute walk, and did the dishes. Not much but it's fairly productive for me right now"
175986821,Root beer.
175986822,Did U invest in GameStop?
175986823,you should have started your own post so you would get more feedback .Top left .
175986824,Half a pb&j sandwich and sleepytime tea
175986825,"_NAME_ thank you, Yes, they look dried and with scabs, just like healing scars. Showed it to dr today online and they also think they look good. They told me to wait and meanwhile clean the area gently with soap to prevent infection. That's all about it. He said it's normal to still feel slight pain even a couple of weeks after medication. Even though they still look somewhat weird I managed to look at it without anxiety. Need training in that. Hope you all are feeling well this week <3"
175986826,Crispy chicken strips w/ Buffalo sauce and French fries
175986827,"Yeah I think we'll be wearing biohazard gloves or something? The biohazard people will be there I think.. I was touching things ignorantly when I first walked in there - Looking in drawers and stuff.. My sister was lifting up clothes and of course, found a needle.. So yeah we have to be careful not to get pricked or dosed with fentanyl or something unknown."
175986828,Hugs and love.
175986829,Deck the Halls
175986830,"I’m seeing someone and getting to the root of my problems. But I really just want to be a good person and the melancholy, anger, and feelings that come with depression make that tough."
175986831,"Yes, they won't cover it, my doctor got a ton of samples so I'll be good for the next several months while I wait for the prior auth to be approved, and if it isn't then we'll do the patient assistance program"
175986832,"Did some babysitting for my parents today. My sister got in trouble at school and was suspended, so I watched her for the day. Also met my families new dog, very cute. All in all good day."
175986833,Oh dat me lmao
175986834,The maintenance person said he's going to go upstairs Monday and put in a new seal beneath their toilet up there
175986835,"I have never been affected by anxiety before. These last 2 since my boyfriend left me and moved out I have weeksbeen suffering severely from anxiety and depression. The anxiety is new to me and it is a terrible feeling. My body feels like I am on fire from the inside, I feel like I can't breathe, my heart is racing through my chest. My body shakes and I feel like I can't function. Also I don't know if it's the anxiety or the depression but I lost all want to eat, I've barely eaten in the last 2 weeks and I've lost 25 pounds. I try to take deep breaths to calm myself but it doesn't work. It's the worst when I wake up, I wake up with extreme anxiety and it takes me all day to calm down. By the time I go to bed I feel somewhat alright. I'm sorry for anyone who suffers with this anxiety every day, I understand now how you feel."
175986836,"Yeah, that's not exactly what I meant. It happens naturally, but with some self-awareness and experience it can be done voluntarily as well. Just like some people are able to control their dreams if they put their mind to it. Most don't, and it is not always possible to tell the difference. Neglecting others, yes, it can be a solution and can be done voluntarily, or it can be done as a necessity, or simply because it is easier, than to do the parsing. I see it as the difference between a fresh meal and a frozen ready to eat meal. The fresh one is more genuine and true, but may not be digestible for other people. The frozen meal is digestible, but is somewhat fake, it lacks nutrients, and take energy to do. It takes efforts, and you need to also know the need of others, their own prejudice and micro-wave appliances. Its more of a communication issue with possible lack of empathy that makes things worst or impossible to manage. Autistic thinking right now, is seen more as a basic response. Like eye c
ontact, or simply ignoring calls, but if you go further up in the complexity, there are subtleties in speech as well that can appear, even if the other things are done right. Inappropriate responses is all a normal person would see, and they would assume it is voluntary, but it is not always the case. It is more likely it is not the case and the person simply tries to be honest. Magical thinking is about believing you can affect things at a distance. Let's say you have a thought, and you believe it affected people somehow. It can get scary, which is why some people wear aluminium hats, to stop the mind reading or thought projection. But it can be in other ways, like moving people in a movie, or weather affecting this or that, or the stars moving people. It can scare someone from interacting, because what you say, moves people through magic, which is a scary responsibility. It can be paralyzing, and of course you can't tell people. Lots of them probably don't know it is a thing either."
175986837,"Do get a second opinion. Unless a person is a near vegan they get enough B12 in their diet. There is a disease where the person cannot absorb B12, it is called pernicious anemia. Such a person must have B12 shots for the rest of their life. Old medical joke: The three stages of deterioration of the physician are 1) he prescribes B12 for patients with fatigue 2) he believes they actually work 3) he takes them himself."
175986838,I take 300mg a day
175986839,That’s cool! they’re really cute animals
175986840,That sounds fun!
175986841,I've been feeling so bad recently i don't know what to do. I'm losing so much weight even though I'm already underweight. My anxiety kills me every day i even started being afraid of sleeping cuz i don't want to wake up panicking. Someone offered a help they said a specialist will contact me at least in the next day but it has been more than a month and nobody sent something. Maybe he forgot to inform the therapist or i did something in my privacy settings so unknown numbers can't reach me... i don't want to bother him again he was so kind to help me as his student. I just want to talk it through
175986842,It’s pretty good...I think the fresh basil and garlic make it.
175986843,Okay. Sounds like an intrusive thought. Hope it goes away soon and gives you some peace.
175986844,Do you have friends outside of roommates and work? OR on your days off or take a day off for a mental health day?
175986845,Sometimes it helps to call back after a few days. Shows them you are truly interested and motivated.
175986846,"_NAME_ professor _PERSON_. I know the anatomy isn't good, I'm still learning Attached Images IMG_2712.jpg (296.1 KB, 9 views)"
175986847,Welcome back.
175986848,"No. It’s more like when I look around sometimes I feel confused and such. I guess like a firs time cig, but not as intense and only happens sometimes."
175986849,"Oh my goodness, my first baby (my precious dog) was named Scooter, we called him scooterboy!"
175986850,"It's rare I reply however your one line questions got my attention. Here is a great resource on how to deal with the isolation factor we are enduring across the globe. _PERSON_ Brown, PhD. is an author, professor and has studied emotional behavior for 20 years. This is a safe link to her YouTube video on how she is coping with isolation. I was able to relate however am single and once you watch the video, you'll understand how the opposite is affecting _PERSON_. I wish you the best from the Great State of Texas! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pHIsPlhU7o"
175986851,That sucks. Shower problems and car problems are the worst. Just had to have a plumber come over to the house because my shower wasn't draining properly and draino wasn't doing the job. It's all my hair which I shed like crazy.
175986852,At the cabin with a camera ready to photograph the _NAME_. Perfect clear skies and a CME is due any time now. Wish me luck!
175986853,"I've been organizing everything on my notes, computer hard drive (Putting things into folders), browser bookmarks (They need to be organized and looked at), pictures, my phone storage and apps. I'm downloading more apps on my computer and phone and putting my Apple Notes on Evernote so I can put the same notes on my phone. I did chores that I do every day like cleaning the litter box, emptying garbage, washing dishes and I vacuum my room every few days, make my bed every morning and every night (Cuz the sheets get messed up). I shower every second day and do general hygiene every day. I'm going to make a daily schedule eventually and do certain different things every day planned every week. Negative symptom??"
175986854,_PERSON_ I heard that. Idk if this is OCD or what.
175986855,"Personally I would much prefer not to be on benzodiazepines for any long period of time. So I think what you suggest, in terms of getting off Klonopin, makes sense. What to replace it with is another question. And also how you should taper the Klonopin. On all of this I think you should seek advice from a psychiatrist."
175986856,new video from Dr. _PERSON_ about dark therapy for bipolar YouTube
175986857,"14,000 steps so far. Don't think I'll hit 20,000 today, maybe 16 to 17,000 but that's not too bad"
175986858,"It was the only one I had lying around the house, but it was 5000 IU. Which I think is excessive. So I stopped taking it until I can get one with a reasonable dosage."
175986859,Dizziness and even anxiety are among the less common side effects but I’m thinking it could be altering the metabolism of one of your other meds...cocktails can be tricky. If this keeps up call your pdoc....
175986860,cant sleep
175986861,"I just looked on the psychology today website and there are some groups. Some of them say they’re online/zoom. I like using the psychology today website to find providers and groups. You can use filters for your city or state, and other things like insurance or if you have a certain thing you are wanting. If these aren’t helpful, I hope you are able to find a group in your area <3. I know meet up . com has some groups as well. Best, MP Alabama: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/racial-injustice-grief... _NAME_: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/racial-trauma-coaching... California: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/racial-identity/califo... Texas: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/adult-trauma-and-racia... Texas (second group): https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/the-bridge-crossing-th... New York: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/a-space-to-breathe-hea... Florida: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/griefloss-racial-traum... _NAME_: https://
www.psychologytoday.com/us/groups/healing-from-racial-tr..."
175986862,"Sorry, i see what you mean. I used to get lonely at times and purposly smoke the stuff so i had some company. Never was a good idea, cos i just went down the rabbit hole and got delusions from hearing her."
175986863,What happened that you stayed up so late?
174383984,"I don't know much about schizophrenia, and was wanting to learn more about how it has effected your life. If you feel comfortable sharing them, I think it would also be good for other people who are struggling with this disorder."
175986864,I had a peanut butter and honey sandwich for lunch and I am about to eat a piece of lemon cake.
175986865,"yea like the others said, only a pdoc can diagnose you. Do you have a pdoc? What does he/she say?"
175986866,Good job _PERSON_!
175986867,Thank you very much. I'm afraid of ending up at a state hospital and dying there.
175986868,"For my next movie, I plan to rewatch 'Drive Hard' which is an action-comedy. A guy pretends to sign up for a driver's lesson from a retired race-car driver but tricks him into being a getaway driver for the bank robbery he does. I just have to find it online now I've watched it before I don't think it got great ratings, but I thought it was quite entertaining"
175986869,"For those battling mental health issues, psychotherapy can help them get their lives back on track and become emotionally healthy over time. However, many of those with mental illness need more than talk therapy to overcome their issues. Many need psychiatric medication(s) combined with counseling. It's really wild that you can take a pill by mouth that can make you feel a lot better emotionally! It just shows how far we've come over the centuries. It's out of this world, if you ask me."
175986870,"Thanks, I hope so too. I'll text my case manager tomorrow and see if there's any news. Every time this happens it's like a week long ordeal of having maintenance over doing repairs and since I live in a small studio they're basically in my bedroom/living area"
175986871,Orange flavour chewable gravol
175986872,"I’m happy to see this, thank you. Yes I’m just doing 5 days of 40mg each morning. This morning and today I felt fine no anxiousness really at all (no more than normal anyways). I’m hoping the next 4 days are as easy on me. Thanks again for your response. ?? M"
175986873,I feel like my brain is going to snap from stress. Idk what to do. It’s gonna be a long night. I talk to my doctor next Thursday.
175986874,Hahhahahaha. I'm back to showering once or twice a week. I'll have a shower tonight though. Promise.
175986875,had fruit salad. clean clothes laundry
175986876,eat fruit salad for breakfast did some laundry changed a few times to prevent a smell
175986877,Yea it’s hard cuz it’s in my nose
175986878,"We're all experiencing craziness from being stuck indoors, so when you're really going nuts try picturing others in the same situation. Somehow that makes it easier! Keep up the good work -- music, exercise, more music and positive TV are huge helps! You should consider yourself very lucky about work. Many of us are having a difficult time keeping up with our jobs (sigh). Keep reminding yourself to choose happiness and basically just hang in there! When we're lonely we worry (I'm a worrier!), which only makes things worse. ??"
175986879,Yep spot on good advice. _PERSON_
175986880,"Hi scaredy cat, thank you for your kind words and suggestions. I had never even heard of water titration but I will definitely look it up, that way I'll have some more time before I run out. I will also look for outpatient programs, although I don't think that there are any nearby. I'll also make sure to check out the resources, and I will continue to look for a healthcare facility that will see me."
175986881,"I know how you feel. And even if it slows down, I have heard it will come back in fall. It is scary and it is sad. But _PERSON_ is correct. We need to stay away from others as much as possible. Only go out if you have to. Try to find things to do so you don't think about it. That is what I do. My hubby has the news on continuously, I find other things to watch on my kindle or computer. I was cutting fabric for _PERSON_ for masks, I think I will cut some more. Maybe if you can find a way to help, it will make you feel like you have more control over your life. I worry about getting the virus, but if I do, I will deal with it the best I can. And hopefully will survive it. Though I know worrying wont make me anymore safe. Acting will. I stay in as much as possible, wash hands frequently. If I can get something online, that is how I shop. Try to stay calm. Do breathing exercises. That is what I was told today as I got panicky about it. It does no good to panic, it just lowers the immune system. Relax t
he best you can and make the best of the situation. Worrying doesn't change anything other than the way you feel. Hang in there, you definitely aren't alone with your fears. Hopefully we can keep each other calm. Have a better day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175986882,I am doing a lot better than yesterday.
175986883,Lol eh I suppose I wanted to lie down and do nothing. I think it was the ashwagandha lowering cortisol so I'll just take the Dexedrine alone today. I'm really lucky to be living in the mountains. It's like I'm just used to living in such a beautiful place now. I'm looking forward to skiing this winter though!
175986884,"Thank you! I think volunteering is an excellent idea, and would do wonders for increasing your self confidence and all the good stuff. I wish you wonderful luck!"
175986885,Not doing well
175986886,"I felt really mentally anxious about everything and then smoked a bowl of CBD flower mixed with Blue Dream 18% THC strain. The 3x 25mg CBD capsules must have kicked in too. All of my worries are gone and now I can focus. Smoking weed doesn't get me high anymore (It just decreases the awareness of my environment and makes me more aware of myself - Like meditation) but edibles get me high and decrease awareness of everything and cause more thoughts, making me have to hold onto my sanity."
175986887,"The doctor triaged, and focused mostly on her TBI and Lupus, both of which create enormous suffering for her. I think she wants to create more rapport with her before addressing her delusional disorder, which of course she vehemently denies having. A bunch of frightfully expensive tests tomorrow, and another appointment next week. We get home, and within the hour she's telling me about the people in the woods, who I'm simply too obtuse and incurious and intellectually lazy and all-'round half-assed to see, despite it being broad daylight. It's just really hard right now."
175986888,I'm loving this Ashwagandha. It's like an opioid and makes me have deep MIND RESTS...
175986889,Careful.
175986890,"Good morning, went to breakfast then came home and took a shower. It's super hot out"
175986891,Yeah... good luck... zyprexa made me too sleepy and I slept 13-16 hour days on 15mgs. I wasted 4 years on that med sleeping all day and night.
175986892,i advise strongly against taking lex in eve. its a very strong ssri and better off dealing with the side effects during day. my experience is by eve the side effect were mostly gone and you could get to sleep eaiser. take benzo if needed to help with severe side effects
175986893,I kind of want to see a picture and know the make of this 10k guitar
175986894,I dont haldol is right for me at this point in my life. I was on it 7 or 8 years. It helped me when I was really sick. But now it makes me too tired. SP told me geodon and haldol are on either extreme of APs. Which i didnt know. So I may try latuda again since I'm not as sick as I used to be.
175986895,Have you formally requested a visit with the proper paperwork and persons?
175986896,I was already on 8mg and it was working well for a long time but had to be increased to 12 since I started having auditory hallucinations again. So maybe it worked fast because it was already built up in my system for months. Not sure but glad it’s helping
175986897,"I need to lose weight too cogladaid. I've been using Noom. I've lost a little weight (I don't want to tell you the numbers in case it triggers you) but approx 18% of what I need to lose to feel comfortable. I need to lose more than that to be really healthy but if I could get to the first number I'd be happy, I think. Noom has been pretty helpful. You have to weigh yourself every day. I don't have an _NAME_ but I do find it triggering when it goes up. I'm like, WTH? But that's normal. Weight loss isn't linear. HUGS Kit"
175986898,"I can't believe how well I'm doing. I'm able to talk to people about basically anything, no more fear or panic attacks, stable mind. Yet I want to ruin all of that with psychedelics. So I'll just chill for now. I don't want to go down the rabbit hole anymore. But I crave it again and again. I can't leave my sanity alone. I'm too curious about ""After knowing all of THIS, how can I live? How can I continue?"" But I don't know anymore. I'm blind. But I can see from all that has happened. The darkness and torture of hell. The bliss, everything."
175986899,"I’m really glad your ordered one, i hope it helps ?"
175986900,"I would be worried, too! So sorry. Hopefully you'll be just fine. Take care."
175986901,I agree I think it’s been especially rough.....
175986902,Yay! We expect many more pictures ?
175986903,"I think I'm an aromantic asexual and that's how I'll always be. However am curious. I just don't want to be in a relationship with anyone that is out of my league (Because I love myself more than I can love anyone above me that doesn't see my worth) or with someone who thinks that I'm out of their league (Because I've done that and I realize that it just really hurts the other person) - If it's both the same, it's boring (Because I've done that too) so I don't do all three at all. I like being alone - I'm never bored with myself. I like having friends."
175986904,Thanks so much
175986905,Glad to hear it! _PERSON_
175986906,"Even at my worst through all my crap ups and downs and psychotic I’ve always been able to get up, have a shower, and go to work. The psychiatrist doesn’t want to stick certain labels on me because I’m ‘too high functioning’."
175986907,I need to tell people often about the intrusive OCD thoughts because not saying anything is worse than it people don't believe that they're not true. I've never even heard of what POCD is until I found people with OCD talking about it.
175986908,Did my nails
175986909,Showered last night
175986910,Glad things are slowing down _AT_MENTION_
175986911,Having some peppermint tea.
174384041,"Last week a friend posted something on Facebook about glitches on the international space station. I felt weird and walked into the kitchen to make food and had a feeling that my mom was poisoning me. It all lasted about an hour and then I talked with my sister for half an hour and slowly felt better (She wants to get into nursing school to be a psych nurse). It must have been some sort of temporary schiz environmental trigger. I believe that environmental factors in schizophrenia are like what happened to me last week but on a larger and more prolonged scale, causing neuroplasticity in the brain. On another note to everyone, neuroplasticity is learning. To relearn is to unlearn and then learn again which is very hard to do (Schools don't teach this. They just teach memorization). Antipsychotics dampen neurotransmitters (You see on the ""Site/Ki (nM)/Action"" chart of risperidone - It all being an antagonist or inverse agonist (Blocker) of neurons) to decrease activity in the brain. Psychedelics do 
the opposite of this (And of antipsychotics) but tend to be black and white in their therapeutic effects. *Just food for thought*."
175986912,"Everyone must be buying weights and stuff since people are working out from home now due to covid. Because every time I put a 10lb weight set into my cart on amazon it ends up unavailable a couple days later and I have to find a different one. (I'm not actually buying it, I was just keeping it in my cart to remind me to get it when I do buy it next month )"
175986913,Donuts? You can use your imagination for the toppings.
175986914,I also made some more music yesterday.
175986915,I wonder who would come to my funeral. I feel like not many. Maybe my immediate family.
175986916,"_PERSON_ just came home from work and said ""here, I hope you can cheer up a little bit""."
175986917,I also often feel that I have to walk on eggshells with her in fear of saying the wrong thing. It's hard to think of any examples.
175986918,"Questions are not directed at me and I don't have the intellectual / reason-based response, but I'm adding my two cents anyways Social media can be for learning new views, self-expression, play and joking around with people you wouldn't otherwise meet - especially if you're primarily surrounded by sheltered, pretentious, or mindless people in real life. Quality of life - entertainment For people like me, mass delusion or individual ""odd belief,"" I feel and enjoy the energy off crystals, etc. ^ Placebo effect, whatever, it doesn't matter if it's real or not as long it's enjoyable and it doesn't interfere with my functioning in reality. As a youth, I used to burn bibles while challenging God and hoping for a reaction. Needless to say, I didn't get one. It may be about conditioning and fear for some, but for others, it's an experience; a feeling. A connection and sense of comfort - almost like a drug. Humans will fail you. It's nice to have something that you can always seek solace and a sense of sa
fety in (though I'm not the type to believe God to be a _NAME_ that grants wishes if you ask nicely enough). Placebo effect or functional delusion, if people want to call it those things, it doesn't matter if you're experience of God improves your quality of live."
174384070,"Just want to say hi to all of you, & I hope you're having a wonderful day!"
175986919,I'm sorry for your loss.
175986920,"Started having visuals again today. Luckily I know it's hallucinations. It helps if I know it's not real. It's still bothersome, distracting, and disturbing. But it's not scaring me. It would be if I wasn't sure it was hallucinations. It helps that I'm at work, and I'm like what is the likelihood of this actually being real? Okay. Not very high. What is the likelihood that this is actually occurring at work? Okay, not very high. Okay it's a hallucination. Still I'm scared to go out into the hallway. I'm being ridiculous."
175986921,A bottle of Coke Zero.
175986922,"Oh. Okay. He's funny. He just rambles aroung making these random meows. He seems happy enough and has all his stuff, so..."
175986923,It’s hard Have you tried mindfulness meditation? I use youtube _NAME_ I forget the name of the video but it’s something about overthinking Very soothing
175986924,Will miss you
175986925,"3 down. Only have 2 more appointments this week. One with my therapist then one that's not technically an appointment but something I have to go to, a tenants meeting they have monthly here in the community room. Friday my sister and brother in-law are coming over for coffee and to hang out a bit"
175986926,And having loving friends are 100x more effective than an anti-depressant.
175986927,Hi Welcome to the forum. It can take between 8-12 weeks for an antidepressant to kick in so you may need to give it a few more weeks to fully kick in. Lexapro is a good antidepressant imo and it's the strongest of the SSRI catagory and it's a very activating antidepressant so it's best to take it first thing in the morning because if you take it late afternoon or at night time you will have trouble sleeping. Don't be hard on yourself for using your Xanax and Ambien you have been prescribed it by your doctor to help with your anxiety and sleep and you are taking less than prescribed so imo you should not have a problem . I would give it another week or so and see how you feel then and if you are feeling the benefits of the Lexapro you could start to lower the other meds but do talk things through with your doctor first. Keep us posted. _PERSON_.
175986928,I think it’s called tropical berry but it’s only only at McDonald’s.
175986929,I’ve heard it _NAME_’s way.
175986930,"Every time I drink more than 2 beers, I get ringing in my ears. LOUD ringing. I blame the antipsychotics"
175986931,"I have been cut free for over a decade or I guess I was. I started again and it has been the only release that has made me feel any better (albeit very temporarily) my husband is in the hospital and will barely speak to me but he can accidentally send me messages meant for others and his mom tells me how she talks to him at least twice a day. He even told me that I overreacted and set him back several days and now every message seems like he’s trying to start a fight. At home I’m constantly being called a drama queen by my mother and she’s practically yelling at me for being miserable. It even feels like my 9 year old is berating me. I thought I put hurting myself behind me but now that I’ve done it again, I don’t know if I can or even want to stop."
175986932,"Just on this, you have more than one shot....I started as a scientist, now I’m going to be a librarian...the days of a single career for your lifetime have imo passed. Most people I’ll add a masters to get more skill at some point."
175986933,I listened to lectures on the New Testament today by one of my favorite professors. It's a shame he doesn't have more lectures on the great courses because he's a gem. I'm downloading more lectures right now from bit torrent. I think I might buy a series on romanticism. In fact i will. =) Im also getting _NAME_ Masterclass on writing so i can listen while i work. Its time i step up my game. I have o many books to read this weekend.
175986934,Hi I’m new I was stabbed two years ago by a homeless man completely unexpectedly. It was an experience I never imagine I would have in my life. I’m tired of feeling bad for myself or having the mental image of the event cross my mind daily. I was wondering if anyone has attended any type of group therapy on zoom that they would recommend here or could share about their experiences
175986935,Too much caffeine definitely causes shaking....
175986936,"That's good. I think my psychosis initially was triggered by some spirituality stuff. I guess I don't know for sure but I still get triggered sometimes by stuff like that. I used to get triggered by philosophy. I don't anymore, luckily, because it's one of my favorite things to read."
175986937,"Great post title, I noticed this post was left unanswered so, here's my point of view. the main difference between both of these is that they are both reactions to an action or a gut feeling in which an indication of something threatening or displeasing is about to happen to you. Anxiety is based upon fear, a first response re-action born within the sub-conscience, to an over the whelming malicious threat, also it's an attack upon the nervous system whereby fear will freeze you or you will run. Paranoia is similar though more indicative of something not quite right, or a prolonged suspicion into something that may or may not be a real event or conclusion, as well as being a trap for the victim as the environment will judge you as crazy or talking to the grey. I in brief give this simplified explanation."
175986938,_PERSON_
175986939,I’ll be 30 in less than a couple of months and my body feels like it’s slowly deteriorating.
175986940,Same. I'm not like totally always ok but I am more directed towards recovery.
175986941,"Took tge supplements today. Still feeling numb. Still no luck on the female front. Pretty discouraging consider how much i paid and how many messages i sent out. Looking forward to friday, considering all tge books that will arrive that day, especially 1 in particular. I have a lot of books lined up to read in September. Today has been an easy day though. Im happy for that. Ill read a bit after work."
175986942,Also glad you're feeling better today. Audiobooks are always good during boring tasks!
175986943,"Hugs. That was me last night, I slept for only 5 hours then woke up like that."
175986944,There's things that you; Know that you know Know that you don't know Don't know that you know Don't know that you don't know !!!!!
175986945,Then I was telling my coworker about it and she said how much she loves Wizard of Oz so I ordered her three postcards from _PERSON_ and sent them to her. She should get them the 7th or the 8th. I can't wait. Plus I sent her a post card from the aquarium of some jellies!
175986946,It’s sunny and warm in my town today. My mom says when she gets out of work we can go shopping for the supplies I need for my art class. I am in a happy mood today but I had a hard time sleeping because I have nightmares. I can make coffee. But only 2 cups. I might go for a little walk with one of my sloths while I wait for my mom. She made something called quinoa for breakfast this morning. And put berries and chocolate in it. It was yummy and a good source of fiber!
175986947,Probably going to be up all night since I've decreased the thorazine. I'm wide awake
175986948,I’m so sorry bb
175986949,"Charging my Switch right now so I can stay up tonight playing games since I have to be up really early, I won’t get up on time if I sleep so I might as well do something fun while I stay up all night"
175986951,I’m trying to lose weight too I’ve started working out for the first time in my life like 3 weeks ago or so. Real excited about it. Lost about 4-5 pounds so far. Gonna keep it up. I could do better.
175986952,"This is ... not science. Yet. It may become science. It may be extremely helpful to some people. This is one theory of how/why schizoid personality disorder might come to pass. It seems to be largely based on the author's experience and perhaps the experiences of a colleague. Personally, I find the whole idea that adults can recall their pre-natal experiences to be suspect for a number of reasons having to do with my knowledge of developmental biology/physiology. I think there is something to the idea that many people with schizoid symptoms had abusive or traumatic or neglectful relationships in their lives. I see a lot of stories here that indicate that. Personally, even though I feel like I have very strong schizoid traits, I don't feel traumatized. I just feel like I lack whatever it is that allows people to feel close to other people, or even want to. I think I'm just very, very happy to be alone, and possibly always have been. But that doesn't negate all of the experiences of the people on thi
s website or the one you linked. It could be a lot of things. It could be that there is more than one way to get to the same set of symptoms."
175986953,"My mom had me do all these labs with my bro in laws clinic. Labs I can only do once a year with Medicare. And S. (bro in law) prescribed me meds from a clinic in houston that sells like all natural compound medicine whatever. And I told my mom they called me and she said she would help me pay for them. But just now she was telling me ""call them and ask them how much it is"" blah blah blah I called them. She was wanting me to call them again for multiple things. This happens all the time where I'm basically playing the middle man because she doesnt want to call people. And then I got upset about that. And she brought up how I shouldn't be giving my work paychecks to my fiance. Yet...its my money I earned. I'm trying so hard to be independent and she keeps doing and saying ****. Trying to control my life."
175986954,Yeah I guess. It's almost like my brain breaks and I cannot focus on anything else. Like I cannot do anything productive or anything when I have these negative thoughts about spirituality. I guess I still have a lot to discover about myself.
175986955,Practiced ukulele for 45 minutes
174384102,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_! I have had a good experience so far here. I have tried almost all of the med combinations possible, but I keep telling myself that something sometime will make them go away. Sorry to hear that you also struggle with insomnia. I just got my first night's sleep after three nights awake. Trying for two in a row tonight."
175986956,"Welcome to Psych Central, Zxiby4. I hope you find PC to be of benefit."
175986957,First step is realizing the patterns..... next step is thinking what you could do different this time around
174384113,Since starting the abilify injections I’ve been sleeping less since before I even started on an antipsychotic. I ended up not bothering with therapy atm because all my clinic right now is 30 minutes a week at most for therapy. I had to ****ing ask my friend about taking me to get my injections yesterday because my ****ing case manager didn’t call or tell me she couldn’t take me yesterday. And I needed it by today or I was **** out of luck. Other than going down from 200 to 180 and not sleeping as much it’s not been much help. I’ve been more active chasing kids around and doing chores around the house. My friend gets upset when I tell other people about how I’m feeling that’s not him.
175986958,My sister is stopping by this weekend. She's dropping off some Baileys and a half gallon of French vanilla ice cream so I can make my _NAME_ shamrock shakes this month! Plus we're supposed to go out to lunch and or get our nails done sometime soon also. and I'm making cookies to give her for her birthday. I love my sister. I'm lucky to have her in my life.
175986959,i downloaded tapatalk and signed in and i guess i signed in to a really old account from 2009
175986960,"Whew Went grocery shopping. In person. Gonna stream on Twitch lil later, animal crossing!"
175986961,"Hi there, There are some good books out there to help yourself if you really want help. My mom has many of these dignosis and says she wants help but does not put the work in. It takes alot of work. No person outside if yourself can help you unless you do the work. Books: The Body keeps the Score Unf#%k Your Brain Untamed Are all excellent and I think will help you get on a road to self- discovery. I had to do the work myself for myself. Also, learning to meditate and yoga is very helpful. Stay safe and be well."
175986962,"I also purchased a cushion for my kitty _NAME_ and some Prayer Cards with pictures of the saints on them. Gotta love Amazon, they have everything!"
175986963,"I run for short periods. But I'm gonna be honest, I'm too out of shape to run for long periods of time."
175986964,Stable. I talked with my sister for an hour or so. I'm able to speak well and have a good memory.
175986965,The Passage Trilogy by _NAME_ when the voices are not to intense
175986966,"Thank you, I'm heartbroken because they were my best friends. My sister has a cat that's not getting along with her dog so she said maybe we could see about moving her in with me"
175986967,"Trileptal has been very helpful for me, sorry it isn't going well for you DT Depakote was helpful, much better than Lithium but I gained quite a bit of weight on it, but everyone's different."
175986968,Hey bluebird let us know how you’re doing today.....
175986969,So good!
174384123,"most woman / people are pretty stupid because i manage to manipulate them to some extent, yea i look down on people, i use men for friendships, women for attention mostly, so by the nature of the use i tend to treat women as objects more, they have less use for me, i treat men as objects too if i dont get anything out of them. i feel like im missing out on something sometimes, when i humanize humans once in awhile i feel what im missing out, the rest of the time i just dont want to be who i am because i suffer from it i never know for sure, its more of a survival than joy, im geting the most i can because otherwise i wouldnt get anything, i'm not sure if im enjoying ""survival"" or just too busy fighting for my life for enjoyment. what i was saying is that the alienation is there regardless of how i act, i will always be fake and always not be myself, so it doesnt matter for me which kind of false self i put out there, i will put the one that is the most profitable for me, if its a poor person aski
ng for money, or an innocent retarted person, _USER_ID_, its not me either way, and the differance between me and normal people is that i dont have limits, i dont get emberessed because i dont have an image to protect. however, i will try to prevent abendonment / exile / physicial pain... so i do have some limits clarification - _USER_ID_ about what people think of me (im schizoid lol...) and also i will rephrase - i dont know if i hate who i am, but i hate my disability, that i can't control who i become when i'm around people, this is unacceptable for me and i dont know how other schizoids can accept it, i dont know if you have the disorder or not, but its like having tourette syndrome, you simply cant control yourself when you are around people, your mask / defence machanism does it's thing, and then you go back home and can only cry about how much pain you went through, but you cant actually do anything when the pain happens in real time. again, i dont know how you expirience the disorder, but the pain ou
tweight the pleasure, if there is ever any pleasure at all, and i can't really imagine a hypothetical of ""fun SPD"" im not willing to accept this statement because its very clear for people that a schizophrenic have a significantly harder life than a normal person, but its not as clear with an 'invisible' disorder, and also i admit i want to victimize, i dont want to admit other people can suffer too, even when its clear that those 2 kinds of suffering are incompareable, because other people's pain is so unimportant, just by the daily conversation you see how small people's troubles are, they rarely have a big suffering event, like someone close dying, i have that on a daily basis. _PERSON_ Sun Aug 11, 2019 3:59 pm -- i see your point, are you talking from expirience?"
175986970,"I have always wanted one. Maybe I could get one, too."
175986972,"I’m sure you can do college much better this time. You’ve made so many progression. You’re like a _NAME_ who got burned into ash but then rised again in a stronger form. Pokémon sword sounds so fun, I’ll definitely get a switch"
175986973,"(Don't read if you get triggered by topics about death or suicide) Possible trigger: So we had the memorial service for my friend here who died and afterwards I felt comfortable enough to ask one of the staff here about what happened. She confirmed that _PERSON_ did commit suicide. She went to Walgreen's and bought a bottle of something and swallowed it all. The service was nice. People got up to speak and said nice things about her. They released some balloons in her honor. It was short, only about 30 minutes, but it helped a lot. Afterwards, I had a long talk with my sister on the phone. I feel less numb now and can start to really process the loss."
175986974,Mild euphoric depression
175986975,Problem is the APs can change your brain so that you crave stuff that’s bad and can’t stop eating....zyprexa especially. I hope you don’t end up with diabetes either but the metformin should help.
175986976,Pizza.......
174384139,"I feel exhausted at the moment. I just got home from a stressful appointment. I'm trying to relax with a frappuccino. I might play my game, but I really think I need a nap first."
175986977,I didn’t know y’all thought of me like that. I really didn’t.
175986978,"I'm guessing Grant Theft Auto 3? I thought Vice city was a better more refined GTA. Everything about it had some joke, and the NPR station was just hilarious. I have fond memories of that game. 4 was good, I never beat the russian one is that 5? Their just huge games, so immersive. I wonder what the budget is for those. Must be a hundred million."
175986979,4 hours of sleep and I am wide awake
175986980,Yeah I called and left a message. Idk if it's different because I was on the extended release before and this is the sustained release but I'll see what they say
175986981,Had crispy chicken strips w/ buffalo sauce for dinner
175986982,Great new super20dan. I am happy to hear you survived your cancer. I am just a few days out of surgery and I am just hating things right about now. A lot of post op pain along with my usual spine pain. One thing all this taught me is to appreciate the simple things in life. To just be happy with what God has given me. I would love to see the covid virus leave us never to return. The sickness and death this virus has caused is beyond my comprehension. Between having cancer and this virus I will never be the same again. God bless you all 12
175986983,I'm sorry valley
175986984,I'm happy you're feeling good! Vraylar seems to be working good for you. How are the panic attacks?
174384162,"Had an ok day of therapy, talked about being insecure. Turns out my pharmacy can dispense Clozapine so they called it in, it'll be filled when lab results get back, I'm anxious."
175986985,"_PERSON_, I too am sorry that your group was not what you had hoped it would be... ...but so happy to hear that you are going to possibly be seeing a counselor! I wish you the best with this. Let us know how you are doing when you can...or just post as needed of course. _PERSON_"
175986986,"CBD is like God kissing you and giving u another chance to wrong your mistakes. Like if u hurt yourself u know? I think drinking gave me a 3 day migraine and nausea. I think idk. But I used some cbd and I feel brand new. Normally I'd be in bed trying to sleep it off in a lot of pain, but i feel like a brand new born baby. I feel great. Not high. I feel like my normal self, just pain free. And my head is clear of racing or OCD thoughts."
175986987,"Well my dad is being a douche bag and posting daddy daughter stuff on Facebook with my sister completely ignoring me being blood related daughter (which granted shouldn't matter). So my mom posted something along the lines on the daddy daughter post ""that's a lie"". My dad deleted said post and deleted my mom from his facebook."
175986988,Thanks sk. I’m getting a lot of anxiety right now.
175986989,"Stating to hear voices is no walk in the park, its easy to succumb ones sanity to these hallucinations and even more to a psychiatrists diagnose. I from experience can confirm and relate with you that these voices sound impeccably unmistakable in our own heads. Despite having never met these people, do you esteem them in some way? Or do you make up scenarios where by some circumstances you would find yourself exchanging a conversation with somehow? I wish i could tell you it was as easy as deciding to ""MUTE"" them, or ""CUT OFF"" the ethereal cord your mind has cultivated, but it takes a strong will and reason to begin to rationalize them out of your head."
175986990,"Thanks . The thing is my meds help me a lot. And I usually don't have any side effects from them. I don't know why it happened last night, I'll bring it up to my doctor next time we talk if it keeps going on though"
175986991,I didn't sleep either. At all. I'm sorry about your daughter. I hope the doc can ease some of the worry.
175986992,Thanks job! I couldn’t sworn I just looked like a few days ago and we were on 300.
175986993,"Well, all the shelters and stores are completely sold out here. We tried 30 places. Then I just in desperation went to Craigslist and found four or five. I heard it is illegal or whatever to do that on Craigslist, but we found a good one, so, whatever."
175986994,I agree. I guess it just left a very bad taste in my mouth.
175986995,Tortilla chips w/ spicy guacamole and some red grapes
175986996,"Did you get antibiotics for the cold? (I know you told us what you got but I can't remember.) My idea is this, if you didn't take all of the antibiotics sometimes it will come back. I once was on a really strong antibiotic--I think when I had bronchitis or pneumonia I don't remember which, I think it was the latter though, and it hurt my stomach and therefore my back so bad that I went to the hospital because I thought something was wrong with my kidneys or something. They did a bunch of tests and figured out it was the antibiotic. I wanted to stop taking it and take something else instead but the doctor insisted that I finish the course otherwise the illness I had could come back and potentially be stronger."
175986997,It is very easy once you reaaalize... that it is easy peasy.. But.. I should quit nicotine gum before I tell people that it's easy =p I just like the cognitive enhancement. I spend ~150 dollars a month on nicotine gum =/
175986998,"I thought this post would have garnered more of a response, if not to dissect what or how the experience of hearing 'voices' or being subject to self-talk live streaming actually comes across in our actual thoughts of what's happening. I'd thought this would be the main focus as that's why most of us are here in the first place."
175986999,Would these side effects of electronic harassment be common amongst you?
175987000,"I'm struggling today. I feel sad and lonely. The sadness isn't as bad as it usually is. But it's still bothersome. I hate that I feel all alone. I'm trying to play my game, but I really don't feel like playing."
175987001,"I just saw your answer. Yes, I agree with SP and _PERSON_, you need to tell the pdoc asap. It will be ok."
175987002,"leecat I am sorry to hear you have lost your Mom. My deepest sympathies to you. But on a happier note, I am glad you and your husband are back together, so that you had him there with you. To stop controlling is a difficult thing, but now that you know how damaging it is, you will learn to control it, over time. Rest on your husbands care....allow him to make decisions even when you feel they are wrong. There are always at least 2 ways to address a problem, and very often the other person is right."
175987003,"Hi, I'm Rich aka Older Guy, I am currently under the care of a chiropractor. I have a bruised rib which started hurting me a few days ago. I haven't had a regularly scheduled appointment since then. My regular appointment is later this morning. I'm really scared about going and don't necessarily think I have the ability to speak up and tell them I am hurting. I have been obsessing about what to do since I got up around 6 am. Just needed to reach out. Thanks for reading. Love, Rich"
175987004,"I might not get the job at the hospital if they find out that I have an addictions counsellor at the hospital, a therapist and a doctor. There's 499 other jobs I can apply to in this town. Literally."
175987005,"my heart hurts. These kids are like blood. I love these kids. They call me... they'll say ""i want daddy"" "" i want mommy"" "" i want _NAME_""... I wanna come with you... don't let them take me away. I miss you. I love you."
175987006,"Good morning, trying to get motivated to clean. I started the increased zoloft dose today"
175987007,I think it's _PERSON_.
175987008,"Kudos man know that you are not alone. I lost a great job due to anxiety. I had to be rushed to a hospital because they thought my anxiety attack was a heart attack. People that don't have anxiety dont understand it and look at you as a liability, which suck. Cardiologists said everything looked good. Anyway best of luck and know that you always have comfort in this community."
175987009,"I will be interested to hear how the BuSpar works for you. I did ask my doctor about that. He said in his experience it is safe and does not have bad side effects, but often does not work very well. However, each person’s experience is different so it might work for you. Let us know I think I might not take the Vistaril. I’ve read some reviews suggesting people felt very groggy the next day and that for some people it actually made them more agitated rather than less. If I try it, it better be on a day I do not have to go to work the next day!"
175987010,"Cup of coffee, most recently..."
175987011,5 days left for second dose…gor viro cell for free from china to Nepal…
175987012,"Explanation: When the Vyvanse wears off, I become unfocused which leads to anxiety and thoughts of death. _USER_ID_: And I feel horribly alone. So so alone."
174384185,Depressed but the demons are pretty stable at the moment. Have IOP tomorrow and then school after. I have a little time between to eat lunch. Worried about IOP because I SHed last night and was up all night at the ER. Slept most of the day today. Just now getting up from my nap and it's a little after 8pm.
175987013,"Suits (everyday) The Good Wife, Dead to Me (Frequently) Dirty _NAME_ (occasionally) Any recommendations on a good comedy series?"
174384187,"Thank you! I found another therapist. I hope this one works out. Therapy is the only support for me. So I'm really glad I found another person. I'll try to be patient with the process and tell myself that relationships, even therapeutic ones, take time."
175987014,"How often do schizoids experience 'secondhand embarrassment'? Growing up, I experienced it frequently, privately referring to it as 'toe-curling embarrassment'. For decades, I was so self-conscious as to be unable to discuss this phenomenon with anyone. However, over the years, largely by becoming inured to constantly making a public fool of myself (you have no idea, really you don't ... or maybe you do ), I have somehow lost the ability to feel vicarious embarrassment. The other day, my schizoid friend said, ""(something something blahblahblah) when you give me secondhand embarrassment ..."". And I said, ""Yow! That's not anger, annoyance, sorrow, despair, or hatred (what he's told me he's able to feel), but you felt it!"", to which he clammed-up like a quahog burrowing into the mudflats. In the past, whenever 'taboo' subjects have come up, I've just dropped them, and did so this time too. Several times, months later, he's brought up old subjects out of the blue and revealed this or that, entirely 
out of context, and then moved on to another subject. It's really sweet how he does this, and one day he might discuss vicarious embarrassment in this way as well. Am I wrong in considering secondhand embarrassment as an emotion and in getting kinda excited that he can feel it?"
175987015,Hope you made out well HT Let us know Upcoming holidays are causing anxiety and apprehension with me Wakeful middle of the nights with panicky feelings I remind myself that of course I’m feeling like this under the circumstances Change the direction I’ve been sleeping in and anytime my mind takes me to a place I don’t wish to be until I fall back to sleep
175987016,Took a shower Clean clothes Had some chocolate
175987017,"_AT_MENTION_ what's your DeviantArt? I've been using mine more lately, you posted it awhile back but I can't remember"
175987018,Before I started taking benzos I could deal with my anxiety. It's like: why did any doctor ever put me on a benzo!!!!?
175987019,My concern is I have a piece of food lodged in and will randomly start choking any idea how to tell difference
175987020,Yay for tacos!
175987021,I last purchased earrings and whristband for my friend
175987022,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ if they still have it next time I go, I'm going to pick them up. Maybe I'll suggest a Target run to my Mom tonight. I know we need a few things....."
175987023,Prozac made me drool 10 times a day But I wasn't on a stimulant at the time. Stim makes the mouth dry. _USER_ID_: So stress will cuz increase in norepin epherin
175987024,"I accidentally took my prescribed twice yesterday. As for today, it's too early right now for the Rx."
175987025,Idk how much longer I will be working. I mean due to this stuff. But oh! I decided to write an _NAME_ style journal book about this pandemic/lockdown situation. It’s the best idea I’ve had. It’ll go along with my memoir but it’ll be separate book.
175987026,Yes I did.
175987027,"On my meds, I'm not good enough because I either sleep, do too much self care, or am not up to everyone's par of what I should be doing. Off meds, _PERSON_ told I need to be in the hospital cuz I'm not doing the right thing by not being on meds or just ya know, I'm too sick. On meds with symptoms, it's my fault I'm having symptoms because I'm not doing something ""right"" in my life."
175987028,"I haven't drank in years, I've drank on meds before but not these specific meds. I wonder how it will affect me. I would just have one glass of wine, I hope that wouldn't like kill me or something crazy"
175987029,_NAME_ & _NAME_ Rape Lawsuit and Affidavits | Intentional Infliction Of Emotional Distress | Rape
175987030,"So, I have no insurance so idk about a doctors appointment. I work 6 days a week just to crawl across the finish line each month lol. I've had the other lymph node swollen for 2 weeks now. Now this 2nd one pops up. I have noticed their size changes almost by the minute. The old node was down to smaller than a pea, while the new one was about the size of a dime. Now its reversed. New one is tinier than a pea. This change happened within 30 mins. I've got a myriad of other physical issues that could probably be explained away, (stiff neck, sinus problems, elbow/joint and muscle pain , bleeding gums etc) but this lymph node thing is throwing me for a loop. It's either odd timing or something more nefarious."
175987031,"Also, I'm 32 (will be 33 this year) and I feel like I'm still stuck in my early 20s haha."
175987032,"That was scary, okay I've got to get serious about my _NAME_ recovery right now, I keep slipping back into old habits."
175987033,Pretty darn good! I got my new website set up. It’s more of a landing page to all my social media and my blog.
174384215,How about ending any effectiveness for the clozaril? Do you want to get sick on top of being homeless too? No one should use THC.
175987034,"I was just using zoom for the last hour, it’s not down. Sorry about the rest...."
175987035,"Thanks chick-a-_NAME_... I mean I try not to complain... my past of abuse, surrounded by drugs, violence I see between my uncles and my mom and beating the **** out of each other. My uncle getting doped out on crack and threatening me with knifes. My moms boyfriend molesting and rape me. My dad and stepmom locking me and my siblings up in bedrooms somtimes a week or so and dirty old food we ate laying around when they didnt feed us or let us out. I struggle with it. I'm afraid of being public with it though because I'm scared how my dad and them would react.... My rape and molestation at least I'm not around them to call me a liar. However last time I heard him he talked to my friend and told my friend ""you can't prove it""... which in it's aspect i him admitting that he did. meh.."
175987036,Right Above It - _NAME_ feat. _NAME_
175987037,"Yes, and I feel refreshed."
175987038,I will shortly be taking my blood pressure /water pill and antibiotic.
175987039,Good morning And yes I did DT.
175987040,Why do you feel like your cognition is bad?
175987041,Haven’t felt like sleeping in at all. I wake up in a fret scared that I was going to die and leave my family and never see them again. I’m hell bound when I die. They’ll take me away into nothingness. The circle ends. We all are insignificant star dust. If I don’t think there’s a heaven or a hell. I believe the dead talk to me. Our bodies... microorganisms... I believe I have my own personal hell. I’m responsible for people’s death. I’m responsible for not reviving them. They’re stuck in the spirit and the earth realm. We’re all gonna die once people start blowing **** up and we all die
175987042,showered -clean clothes - fresh fruit for breakfast - laundry -plenty of liquids
175987043,Just saw a bunch of road signs and traffic lights knocked over in the snow
175987044,"Thank you for cheering me up with this lovely picture, Sometimes!"
175987045,Always worried my apartment isn't clean enough
175987046,"Thank you for the reply and sorry to hear that you are going through a tough time, I know with the pandemic it's making things worse. I think the anxiety is the worst part for me. I've started the klonopin which does help but I don't like it because it's a benzo. I wish I could just an SSRI but in the past they made me so much worse. I'm going to start Buspar which I'm praying works and can help a little with my mood also."
175987047,Youre a beautiful young lady... people who judge you are jealous and has issues with themselves more so than you.
175987048,"My therapist said that I remind her of Bill _PERSON_ and that she finds it hard to believe that I was ever depressed/doing nothing/sleeping all the time. Well, that's what the some mushrooms do.. Make you see magic.. I advise not! Only with legal psychotherapy in 2023!"
175987049,"I’ve been kinda depressed since yesterday myself, I’m not sure if it’s because I quit taking vitamin D a few months ago. I thought it would be ok since it’s summer. The alternate theory is bf isn’t supporting what I want to do...he still thinks I should end up in IT but the way the jobs are right now I can’t even apply if they want 3-5 years experience for entry level. I felt better after I painted yesterday maybe I should do it again."
175987050,"Today was a harder day for me. Lots of provocation here from a resident who is incredibly stupid and evil. And there's a creepy bug that keeps landing on me. I hope it's gone now. And I developed a weird rash on my right leg, after the lunch vape break. The sunshine was burning my leg really bad, then I saw the rash on my skin. I don't know what it's from. I seriously don't want to be here another day. I want to go home now."
175987051,"Nope, not today."
175987052,Possible trigger: I really wish I was high rn
175987053,"I ordered some groceries off amazon. 2 jars of peanut butter, a jar of jam, 4 canned chicken salad lunch kits, a box of protein bars, and 6 pack boxes of ritz crackers"
175987054,A big part of me yesterday wanted to go buy some sour THC gummies and try them. To have fun a party. But I didn’t. I’m just not thinking right.
175987055,That’s so sad _AT_MENTION_ I really hope the little dog will be okay
175987056,Morning I don't feel good. My first day taking geodon and I think it's making me nauseous. I ate with it tho.
175987057,Two more hours until vaping.
175987058,i finally have a computer again. i was literally doing everything from my phone for years because well ... no money... i hope all of you are doing well or at least okay
175987059,I hope I won’t be up for more than 24 hours again today.. Kinda nervous about it.
175987060,Love my new game!
175987061,Not doing the game truck. I guess that’s 250 I don’t have to spend. But yea I’ll get maybe a couple more things for fiancés bday. I bought him a st _NAME_’s day cupcake for his birthday. This is his birthday month plus he’s Irish descent.
174384242,Why would it take an hour? Is it enteric coated or something? I think Advil kicks in within 15 minutes so why wouldn’t other meds?
175987062,Kings of _NAME_ - Sex is on fire YouTube
175987063,"Thank you Rich. It did. I am glad yours turned out good and you even had some extra time. Have a wonderful weekend. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987064,This is another one that works for visuals....picture the radar moving around the circle.....
175987065,"No, never heard of it. I should check it out. Thanks"
175987066,"Hugs _PERSON_, hope you feel better soon."
175987067,"hi again..do you still have the cough and weakness? if you haven continued anxiety an antidepressant probably would help but it wouldn`t be a take as needed drug...did they prescribe you a antianxiety like ativan or xanax..by any chance did they do thyroid labs on you like a tsh? the thyroid glad can cause a cough,,anxiety and weakness..you might want to check your labs to see if that was included..its good you are keeping yourself busy ,,that always helps..how is your sleep??"
175987068,"Yes... I'm extremely introverted. I suppose that I just thought my way of thinking was abnormal since it seems as if everyone was/is excited to graduate when I couldn't care less. I don't care about having finished high school. I don't care about any of it at all. I'm not excited in the least - I just see it as one less annoyance (and one gained annoyance of college). I suppose the ""abnormal"" part was that I can't seem to care about a milestone that is seemingly important to my family/community."
175987069,"I know that feel... I tend to buy games when they're on sale or if they're cheap, so now I have a HUGE backlog. In fact, I probably won't even buy a PS5 or Xbox Series X for a few years after their launch, like maybe 3 or 4 years."
175987070,They had a computer problem this morning at the clinic so they’re behind. So the nurse hasn’t called me yet. Hmm I’m supposed to go shopping after work but I don’t want to get the call while I’m out. Ugh just call already and get this over with.
175987071,My pdoc wouldn’t prescribe the premethazine instead she went with gabapentin
175987072,Ok thanks bb
175987073,I've never forgotten to pay a bill. And I've never paid a bill late either. The real reason is because I don't procrastinate when it comes to paying bills.
175987074,I swear a decent amount regularly. Not every second word but a decent amount. I notice when my mood is up I swear a lot more. My sister has noticed too. I’ll swear in public I don’t give a ****. Hahahaha. I know this is not a bipolar thread but I feel comfortable with you guys. I haven’t felt delusional as of late since the lithium really started kicking my mania’s ***. Just sitting at a bit of hypomania now.
175987075,"Oh I missed that one lol. I slept through most of the day, starting with Godzilla."
175987076,Home now
175987077,"Still playing Yonder, 25% completion so far, it's so relaxing to play, especially with the headphones I have"
175987078,"I had a slight panic attack today but that's after not having any for like 40 days so that's really good progress I'm not sure if I want to get off some of my meds. Because I'm doing well. Idk though, they may be the reason I'm doing well it's hard to tell"
175987079,I'm buying an air fryer
175987080,"I am normally an interested and content person. I don’t know if I can use the word “happy” because how could someone really be happy living with an auto immune overlap that is never in remission. What I have noticed during this pandemic is that my sense security ebbs and tides. I can actually feel the fear, anxiety, loneliness rearing it’s head. It starts out of the blue it seems suddenly even when I am doing good. Like grief. Then these feelings can get stronger and stronger. I feel my breathing get harder, my chest tighten and the muscles in my shoulders neck and back get stiff and sore. Soon my head begins to get foggy and I don’t think clearly. Last night was a night of terror and tears. A feeling of doom and dread. Not the first one either. But I made myself get up this morning. I hurt so bad. ? It was hard. But I met my neighbour over my fence. We visited from a distance. It was lovely. An attachment!? I went in and because I had hardly slept last night I had to nap. I slept from 1:
30pm to 5pm. I never do that. I needed it. I got up at about 5 and made a lovely supper while it was time for my hubby to nap. While it was in the oven I cleaned and sanitized the kitchen....again. The extra cleaning has been allot too. We had our dinner together. We both hurt allot. Pain is a very difficult thing to deal with day in and day out. It wears your patience down. Then we went for a walk. We met several neighbours doing the same. From a distance. The question, “how are you doing” took on a whole new meaning today. We were all struggling. C19 was clearly on everybody’s mind. I met _NAME_, he battled leukaemia two years ago. He was honest about the fear of catching this virus. He also shared his fears about not being able to work. We could totally relate. We met _NAME_, who shared his fears as an essential worker and about cut back work hours. We met _NAME_ and _PERSON_ and their son walking their dogs. They also shared their concerns. _NAME_ and I are the old homesteaders in the neighbourhood. 
We are what’s left of a handful of our generation. Generations beginning with our grandparents, our parents and then us. We go way back together. The shock and disbelief of the current reality was palpable. We had no experience with this. It was clear we were all doing our best to live through something that our parents, nor grandparents, had never lived. It was reassuring somehow to see them all. Everyone truly cared how each other was doing. What’s more we miss each other. We have all been shut in. For so long. It was so great to see them all at this chance meeting on the road where we all met. I felt the anxiety lift. The fear subsided a bit. We connected were this horrible virus has disconnected us all. So I think what I have learned is how lucky I am. I have a lovely neighbourhood and wonderful neighbours. They are stuck, worried and shocked just like me. I am not alone. Somehow it made me feel less alone and hope for the future knowing the people I care about are all doing what they have to do to en
sure the freedom of the end of this nightmare. _PERSON_, I am not 80 years old, but have been a senior all my life. ? I hope you can find the kind of connection that helps you feel the security you deserve too. I invite you to chat with me any time. I love seniors, they are just so darn interesting! They know more and have done so much! Plus they understand what it is to live and struggle with pain and still keep right on going. Amazing! _NAME_"
175987081,_AT_MENTION_ tell me your secret!
175987082,Jacked out of my flipping GORD. Again.
175987083,I keep putting off going to the dentist but I'm gonna call next week (I'm busy this week) and set up an appointment to begin getting the rest of my fillings taken care of.
175987084,"Sorry you are going through that with the GERD. I looked at that topic and got different results with the duration of that condition. I have a similar situation with Diabetes. I’m supposed to cut way back on my carbs. But it’s very hard to do. I can reduce that for awhile, but then I sometimes fall back to eating too many carbs. So I have an idea of what you may be going through. Is your anxiety reducing? Does the heating pad help, maybe with sleep? Did it help with the chest pain? Or the yogurt and with sliced apples, or apples, applesauce or yogurt on their own? Do you think an anti-depressant would help? Are you still reading?"
174318742,"I am sorry for your lost! I know what you are going through. I lost my husband of twelve years ten and a half years ago. He was diagnosed with Kidney Disease in September 2007. May 2008 I had rushed him to the hospital as he said he couldn't breathe very well and didn't think he would make it through the night. We got there and they do their madrid of tests. When his blood work came back they told us they were transferring him to a bigger hospital. My husband said he didn't want to go that far. The doctor bluntly told him, if you don't go, you won't be here in the morning. He was in Congestive Heart failure and Kidney failure. He transferred. Long story made short...he suffered a year and a half before his body was worn out from the dialysis and extremely high blood pressure. I know this probably won't make you feel better but, in a way your wife passing quickly was a blessing for her. She didn't suffer very long. Our son was nine when his dad got transferred. He watched his dad deteriorate and mad
e mention that ""look daddy, my legs (calves) are bigger than yours"". I wanted to cry that day. The day he passed I was forty-five minutes away. I had called my son's school and took him out for the next three days. When my then 11 year old son got home from school, I couldn't tell him the news. I started crying. He looked at me and said ""Daddy died, didn't he"". I nodded and softly said yes. It took me a long time to to get over the feeling of abandonment. I had already felt like a single parent and I he had to be in a nursing home so he wasn't with us. Grieving a spouse is unbelievably hard. No one grieves the same. We can't ""just get on with life"". It takes time. I was lucky in that I had my son to take care of. I was 39. My first grandson was 3 months old when I was widowed. So I also had my grandson to help occupy my mind and time. Even though my husband was in a nursing home and we were not living together because of that, I was still felt so alone. You can keep your mind busy during the day but the 
nights are horrible. Sorry if I'm being to blunt. However, time does heal all wounds. Lots and lots of time. Life slowly began to make sense again. I don't know when but one day I realized that I didn't have THAT feeling any more. Healing takes time. But you will get there. Are there any grievance support groups in your area? Even if you don't open up at first, you can hear how others are coping. This site may be helpful but it will be to easy to seclude yourself. Please be aware that even if you don't feel like it, make sure you get out of the house. Be with people. Do things. Trust me... these things help. It's great that you were able to have the time you did with your wife. Even after time goes by, you will always have your memories. _NAME_"
175987085,"My mom was just saying you can’t even buy a turkey breast anymore, it’s too late to get one, but you can get a whole turkey this is where she lives....I’m thinking we might get a precooked one from Cracker Barrel......"
175987086,That sounds really fun! I loved MIB international...._PERSON_
175987087,"Hi Jewels, Welcome to the Anxiety & Panic forum. I am sorry for all you are going through. The bad nerves is probably anxiety. Do you feel edgy? I use to feel that way a lot. Most everything annoyed me or made me nervous. I learned meditation and it calmed me. Plus medication and therapy. Believe me, it can get better than it is now. There is a resource thread at the top of the page. Check it out and see if there is anything that can help you there. I bet that there is. There is a wealth of information there. Like I say, you don't have to feel this way. You have a lot going on, but a lot of it kind of interacts so if you work on one thing, you are actually accomplishing more. We also have a bipolar forum if you want to check it out. Do you have to take medications? I imagine for bipolar you would be on something. I take four different things for depression and anxiety. Not fun but necessary. Know that you aren't alone and we understand a lot of what you are going through as we all have our battles 
so to speak. We have probably all asked why is this happening to me?. It just doesn't seem fair at all. But it is the cards we are dealt and the sooner we realize that the sooner we can move forward. We all are pushing for the same thing, we all want to feel better, we all want to feel okay. So you are truly not alone in this. I hope you feel better soon. If you can't get therapy or something, know that there are some good self help books out there. I hope you are going to therapy. You need the help and support. Hang in there Jewels597, Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987088,"I just asked my sister if she could order this one with my money, I should have more than enough to pay for it left in my account FACE MASK Flower Design Handmade 100% Cotton Face Mask Adult | Etsy"
175987089,Great Job!
175987090,Crawfish come up from the ground here.
175987091,"""kindS""?!?!?!?! ONLY THIS will henceforth accompany GLOBAL doughnut fabrication: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBsKplb2E6Q"
175987092,Praying for u muricans rn
175987093,"My seal plush came, it’s amazing and so soft and squishy Attached Images 688A0064-E185-4D47-83D1-49BABAB56BF7.jpg (218.5 KB, 3 views)"
175987094,"How long have you been on Geodon? Has it been 2 weeks yet? To balance you out you may want something like Trileptal or Lamictal, a mood stabilizer if you can't fall asleep. I hope you're able to sleep okay."
175987095,"If you cut it and it is time release, you may get too much medication at once??? Can you call the doc and ask for a lower dose? I wish you the best with the medication. I call it a medication hangover and I hate that. Have a better night tonight, or morning tomorrow. Let us know how it goes. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987096,Yeah I had a book from my T once but it wasn’t as helpful as the tree meditation so I forgot most of it.
175987097,I know this makes no sense at all. We are going for a week to Cancun tomorrow to a beautiful resort and I have so much anxiety. I started feeling sick. I really get bothered when something that is supposed to be a happy occasion causes so much anxiety. Anxiety has been making me sad lately. I understand the ups and downs of the illness but it is really exhausting. I am 47 yo and I think of how many more years I will have to endure this and if I can actually do it. I do tell my husband about it but many times I just feel like a broken record... same thing all the time. I feel that he is tired of hearing about it and that hurts my feelings but then maybe it is too much for a partner to hear this all the time. Thanks for reading.
175987098,"Hi _PERSON_, I get what your saying. Something what works for me is to try to stay in the day, sometimes in the moment. This way my mind doesn’t go into the what if’s of the future. This isn’t always easy as we are in a crisis but practicing it works for me. I have PTSD and have been triggered by the traumatic event to the extent that it brings up past traumatic events that have zero to do with this Pandemic. One thing is for certain we are not isolating when we share here."
175987099,I think you can’t go wrong between those two but car and driver preferred the CRV... 2019 Honda CR-V vs. 2019 Toyota RAV4: Which Compact SUV Is Best?
175987100,Just did and put some Abercrombie and Fitch perfume on. I smell like heaven lol
175987101,"Slept 10 hours (Instead of 12 because I didn't take any Seroquel last night), woke up and went for a hike with my moms friend and then we went out to eat and she drove me home. I still have to do the dishes before everyone gets home. I dissolved some phenibut and phenylpiracetam supplements in a glass of water and drank it so I should feel a bit of focus followed by a sorta drunk-benzo feeling. These things I do for my mental health.."
175987102,"So far, I am doing pretty well this morning. Just took a Klonopin and it helps a lot. Perhaps going to talk to pdoc about this. When I take Klonopin I feel far less anxiety and have a much easier time doing things."
175987103,"Thanks Bp Too late/early to walk now (4.22 AM), don’t have energy for yoga, but comedy is a good idea, thanks. Have any YouTube recommendation?"
175987104,"If I’m being honest, I’m scared of Covid vaccine. Because I have meds sensitivity and underlying conditions. I can’t even take some headache pills because they make my heart beats faster in an uncomfortable way"
175987105,I'm doing Noom. It's like a weight loss App. So you have to track how much stuff you eat and how often you eat and all this stuff. It's helping me eat healthier though. Before I would have grabbed a granola bar or something. Similar amount of calories but the granola bar is far less healthy for me.
175987106,Might watch some anime on Netflix today
175987107,"Yea, and any form of cbd as in flower, tincture, edibles, etc isn’t real heavy. I remember first using it and ate 3 gummy cbd candy and I was completely fine. I wasn’t paranoid or reacting negatively to it. And it calmed my anxiety so much. Only thing was dry mouth but that didn’t matter. I prefer cbd tincture or edibles. There’s a shop down the street that sells cbd brownies. Crazy amazing. Quite a few vape shops around here sell cbd flower. Just walk in and buy it. And of course they got glassware."
175987108,"I am going to take Friday off of work. 1) my mom is bugging me about cleaning my room 2) I need a mental health day 3) I don't want to be at work right now. I just want a break. Maybe I will clean my room. Maybe. Then maybe take a walk, do some yoga, sleep in til like 6 AM, have breakfast with my Dad. stuff like that. So only two days of work more and then I'll have three days off. This will be good for me I think."
175987109,Bananas and almond milk
175987110,"Yeah, I go through that too."
175987111,"Different meds work differently for different people. I took Effexor for years and it helped my sex drive but others have said differently. I would try the Cialis or Viagra and see how that goes. You may be surprised. Best wishes for a good outcome. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175987112,OMG _USER_ID_ THANK GOD. i found the bottle. it is a different style bottle than how it usually is and i thought it was something else. omg i am so happy
175987113,"There is nothing wrong about that. on the contrary i will bet you are important to you friends and family. I agree with _AT_MENTION_ , you sound like survivor. I know you have been near death a couple of times. Glad you are alive."
175987114,_AT_MENTION_ psychotic best of wishes for your mother. Hope she can get better. Cancer is scary.
175987115,My care manager is dropping off a mask for me since the executive order goes into effect tonight and the one I ordered won't be here for a bit.
175987116,no not today
175987117,Yea. My mood has suddenly dipped down.
175987118,"I've officially moved back home to my apartment, feeling uncomfortable but I just have to get comfortable in this space again."
174384306,I fulfilled a difficult goal & two others. That made me feel hopeful about other things.
175987119,"I take olanzapine daily - 10 mg. Maybe I need more. Haha. Anyway, it's the worst when I feel like I'm not in control. It is literally the worst thing ever."
175987120,Some of these could be friends at some point....
175987121,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175987122,"But can you believe I've come out of my shell so much that that's me everyday, everywhere? Yep!"
175987123,Hi _NAME_ Mom. Welcome
175987124,"Not so far. But doc suggested I give it a few more days to see - Before I go to the next option, which would be to split the dose and take 25 mg twice a day."
175987125,"Yeah, I hear you.My dad is 88. If he got it, it would be disastrous. Prayers."
175987126,"Well, we've already been though what's a heart attack: (you might want to print this out) ""If you experience new or unexplained pain, pressure or discomfort in the center of your chest or in your arms, back, jaw, neck or upper stomach — along with shortness of breath, a cold sweat, nausea, fatigue or lightheadedness — for at least five minutes, call 911."" Also for heart attack: ""Uncomfortable pressure, squeezing, fullness or pain in the center of your chest. It lasts more than a few minutes, or goes away and comes back. ""Pain or discomfort in one or both arms, the back, neck, jaw or stomach. ""Shortness of breath with or without chest discomfort. ""Other signs such as breaking out in a cold sweat, nausea or lightheadedness. ""As with men, women’s most common heart attack symptom is chest pain or discomfort. But women are somewhat more likely than men to experience some of the other common symptoms, particularly shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting and back or jaw pain."" And we've been th
rough what's not a heart attack: Momentary chest discomfort, often characterized as a lightning bolt or electrical shock. Heart discomfort or pain is unrelenting, typically for several minutes. Momentary chest discomfort is more likely to result from musculoskeletal injury or inflammation, or nerve pain (e.g., a cracked rib, a pulled muscle in the chest wall or shingles involving the chest.) 2. Pinpoint chest discomfort that worsens with positional changes in breathing. Heart pain is usually diffuse, or radiating. Pinpoint discomfort that worsens with chest expansion (breathing, for instance) is more likely to involve the lungs. 3. Chest discomfort that gets better with exercise. Heart-related pain typically worsens with exercise. Sharp chest pain that improves with movement is more likely to have other causes (e.g., acid reflux.) But you say you can't tell the difference: ""yes Stressed but everyone has stress in life. I wish someone could tell the difference between anxiety and heart attack. As this is one 
of my biggest fears."" In the last few months, through a foul up, I was told to not take my blood pressure medicine for a couple of days, and since with yard work exercise, will then have sharp chest pain that will knock me out if I don't take my Ativan tranquilizer. I also have to take at least 1/2 Ativan at bedtime or I will have chest pain. So, have you had such a disruption in your heart situation in the last few years to cause this chest pain? When did it start? As they tell me at the ER, ""If the pain stopped when you took an Ativan (tranquilizer), it's not a heart attack."" So, if you take a tranquilizer, would the chest pain go away? You'd probably want to talk with your doctor but, would it go away? Also, if the pain does go away, it's not a heart attack, is what they've told me."
175987127,"How is everyone’s Thanksgiving? Today I went to a small family gathering of 8 people. When I got there and sat down to eat, I suddenly lost my appetite. I felt nauseous when I was eating. I feel better now after drinking some ginger tea I still feel bad about going even though there were only less than 10 people. I feel like somebody there could have had COVID. I have been so careful. I would hate to get COVID with the vaccine so close"
175987128,"You're doing the right thing by expressing your feelings and processing your grief. The loneliness is completely understandable along with the roller-coaster of emotions where one minute you're fine thinking about a fun memory of your beloved mother, and the next you're sobbing uncontrollably and can't believe that there will ever be a time when you won't feel bad. That's all normal. This checklist from an article titled ""help for those who grieve"" has been helpful to myself and so many of our friends. It's just a good summary or reminder of different ways to help get us out of the ""abyss"" as you so aptly called it. ""ACCEPT SUPPORT FROM FAMILY AND FRIENDS According to your needs, balance time spent with others and time spent alone. 2: WATCH YOUR DIET, AND MAKE TIME FOR EXERCISE Eat healthful food, drink plenty of water, and exercise moderately. 3: GET PLENTY OF SLEEP Recognize that sleep is essential to dealing with the fatigue of grieving. 4: BE FLEXIBLE Since everyone grieves differently, fi
nd what works for you. 5: AVOID SELF-DESTRUCTIVE HABITS Avoid the misuse of alcohol or drugs?—which creates more problems than it solves. 6: BALANCE YOUR TIME Alternate periods of grieving with time for socializing and recreation. 7: KEEP A ROUTINE Regain a sense of normalcy by keeping yourself occupied with a good routine. 8: AVOID MAKING BIG DECISIONS TOO SOON If possible, wait a year or more before making big decisions you may later regret. 9: REMEMBER YOUR LOVED ONE Collect pictures and mementos or write in a journal to keep alive your memory of the person who has died. 10: GET AWAY Make time for a change of pace?—even if for just a day or part of a day. 11: HELP OTHERS Renew your sense of purpose by doing things for those who need help, including others affected by the loss of your loved one. 12: REEVALUATE YOUR PRIORITIES Use this opportunity to gain new insights into what truly matters and, as needed, make adjustments to your priorities."" I really appreciate #10. Sometimes just a complete change o
f scenery, even if it's going to a park on the other side of town or trying a completely different cuisine for the first time ever can help to put you in a different frame of mind for the day. I hope any of these tips help and that you are able to find peace during your grief. Best wishes."
175987129,You said it better than I!
175987130,put some laundry on and put on perfume
175987131,"I saw my therapist yesterday Turns out this stuff I've been dealing w isnt even real . Yet again my mind has created an elaborate narrative that I go into a rabbit hole with But yea. _PERSON_ said he cant communicate telepathically , though he said he wishes he could!"
175987132,I don't know what to do What should I do
175987133,"Thinking of you. Sorry that you are struggling. I have trouble taking this advice, myself. But, try to remember that you've come back from bad places before. And you can, again. You are doing the right thing by reaching out and sharing your struggle. Feel better soon!"
175987134,My motivation is a little better. I painted yesterday. I cleaned the bathtub a couple of days ago. I'm getting some stuff done. Mostly I am just making myself do them.
175987135,"Thank you, _PERSON_! I like your lettering, it reminds me of the beautiful graffiti in the subways in 1980! I have to ask _PERSON_ support why pictures don't open in the app."
175987136,"I have discussed this subject at some length with my therapist. One thing to realize is that most people have these sorts of thoughts. The difference is what you do in response to the intrusive thoughts -- whether you just smile at how ridiculous they are or whether instead you follow the thought, become anxious about it, then tense up because of the anxiety, etc. The problem is not the thought. Thoughts themselves are harmless. It is the response to the thought that is troublesome. You might say ""who cares why I am distressed; it just feels bad and I want it to stop."" But once you realize which part of this is problematic (the reaction, not the thought), you can focus on addressing the real issue (the response). There are ways to address this issue, including cognitive therapy (which itself can take some different forms), mindfulness and some other approaches. I know from experience how challenging this is. But the challenge is not insurmountable."
175987137,"Why do you think you don't need them anymore? What about your anxiety, paranoia, insomnia and the like?"
175987138,_PERSON_ I read that exact page that you’re reading right now.
175987139,Hope the surgery goes good! Praying!
175987140,A green apple with some plain yogurt
175987141,"I got a paperback copy of my short story in the mail and read it. One thing is certain, I really know how to pick a book cover. It had potential but it still wasn't polished. So take aways, don't publish until you have a copy in your hand that you can live with. I wish my editor saw more flaws: A couple times I used the same expression in two paragraphs back to back and it didn't feel right. Also, I needed more questions from the interlocutor. Also, it didn't flow well enough from one exchange to the next exchange. And the backside could have been better What I did right this time: That book image was on point. The moon was perfectly placed Had an editor. Short story is more my platform since I can only deep read and not fluid read I read the entire story many times and im getting better at making over all cohesion of a start that has a ending that matters. I had Grammarly pro, which was good I barely gendered anything this time, that was a pretty big step for me to be honest. This short store stil
l has potential, and I know I published it, but I think I should ignore it for the time being, and when I make a few more I should put them in a collection and polish them all off together to correct any mistakes."
175987142,I feel exactly like you. I'm sorry you had to deal with all that at a young age. But happy you got through that difficult situation. I think we just live in different times. People are so selfish and hateful. It's hard to find a genuine person to connect with. I think back in the day people had to get out and connect to one another. Because there was no social media and nothing influencing their way of life. It was about finding love in friends and family. Now its about pretending and using people. It's like I'm get what I want and I don't care who I hurt. That's why it's so many people depressed. Jobs don't care about employees. Relationships are not built on love. Kids are disrespectful to the max. It's not you just the world we live in now.
175987143,I went for the hike - Reached the top. 15k steps and 31 floors climbed. I feel different.. Like I can't possibly panic after that.. Just gonna unwind now..
175987144,"Was doing well yesterday after I got to work and after work. Then I read an article at night about how dna testing cant factually tell you anything at all, and how it's the biggest scam of the decade. And it talked about how law enforcement uses genealogy databases now. And then I thought maybe dna testing was the gonna be the mark of the beast that God talked about. Because on the article it said that soon, one day, only 2 or 3 percent of the population will be needed to have everyone's dna. So I looked in revelations in my bible. I read 10 chapters into it. Which, chapters in the bible are normally very short. It spoke of how god condemned nicolations, which was a early christian cult. And I googled it, and it said all this stuff about some of them were apart of the Dionysian Mysteries which were a cult that used drugs and trance inducing things like music and dance to supposedly liberate themselves. That's something else. But I ended up finding a cult website online. I just got sick to my stomac
h because I made my whole family get dna testing. And I thought my dad was going to hell cuz dna testing was the mark of the beast and I made him do it. Like get it done. I was hallucinating and having a bad delusion and paranoia. It was just very bad last night."
175987145,I love animal crossing SP u should check out animal crossing ocket camp on your phone apps
175987146,Glad you are feeling better!
175987147,"""Though we judge for many reasons, we often do it when: We don’t know a person well (yet) We cannot identify with a person’s belief system, values, or behavior That person somehow threatens how we perceive ourselves"" So yeah you got it spot on"
175987148,_AT_MENTION_ : I know you might find this interesting. My cousin just told me something kinda awesome. I know PKD runs in your family too but my cousin who has PKD had said shes been selected to do a case study on certain treatment for PKD... something about increasing the kindney funtioning and she brought up something about someone getting a bionic kindey in the next 3 months.
175987149,"Hello pwcook1....Welcome to Inspire! I hope that joining here will make you feel a little less lonely. I am glad you are in a senior center to make your life easier. Right now...because of covid it is very boring and quiet there, but that is pretty much the way it is everywhere just now. We do have to be inventive to keep ourselves amused during this time...it is not easy. It is a common thing that parents believe that having their kids near by will be a good thing, but it fairly often leads to disappointment, because the kids do not have much time for the parents. I am convinced this is not for lack of love in most cases, but...as you have stated....daughter is busy with her job. Let's see if we can find you something to do to avoid the loneliness. It is good that you are trying to be friendly....sometimes it takes a bold move. Do you like music? If so, choose someone you think you would enjoy knowing, then ask ""Do you like music?"" Then ask them to your room to listen to music. Could that help?"
175987150,I've had a decent day today. _PERSON_ depressed for sure and a little anxious.
175987151,Yum! Enjoy. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175987152,Depressed
175987153,Why would you have to explain everything?
175987154,Hi all. I am unfortunatly one of those people who have been hit by the illness in their late 20s specifically around 26 years old when i have just finished my studies and got into trying to make a living with all the intelectual power i collected over the previous years . Now i am better and really conscious of the ilness ive gone through which is a schizoid-paranoid type . I know that only a doctor will tell me if am completely good to go or not. But i am wondering if people have managed to get back at work after enduring this disease or a similarity of it . I mean are they productif and acting normal ?
175987155,Cheers. HT
175987156,It will be worse if you increase.....benzos are a nightmare for withdrawal so if you manage to get off then stay off.
175987157,Thing about supplements is either they are total garbage or they actually have some effect in which case they are just like any other chemical...
175987158,"Tianeptine can be dangerous, Des--careful..."
175987159,"Good for you for reaching out! It takes a lot of guts to even ask for help I know, especially when you are in the midst of an episode. Medications do help, have you been to a Dr? But remember the most important thing is loving yourself and taking good care of yourself, you have a full life ahead of yourself and there are many people on here who are good to talk to for support! Take care!"
175987160,Last night I did
175987161,"A lot of people are neglecting their physical health, not going in for checkups, not going in for serious (treatable) medical issues because of fear"
175987162,"_PERSON_ that’s exactly what I mean. And I like money too, but it’s been hell for me with it over my lifetime."
175987163,I feel so restless
175987164,"DT, ooo, I would love another cat but I cant have anymore pets."
175987165,Cheerios and a piece of rye toast
175987166,"I'm having a difficult time today. I have zero energy yet there are things I have to do. I'm just pushing myself. It's time to feed my cat. Even that is too much energy. I might take a nap and see if that helps me feel better. I did have a virtual appointment today, but I canceled it. I didn't have the energy or desire to get dressed for it."
175987167,I guess unemployment can’t go through until my job fills some sort of info out.
175987168,A job that you can do at home or a physical job?
175987169,You are enabling this disrespect fron your children. Are condoning it by inaction. What ages? No consequences no change. You are the leader of the pack. We all get the disorder....they don't. They will use your inattention and difficulties to create mayhem...esp little buggers of this age. HT
175987170,"Hi all. Tired today. Had some work to do which I got done, now I'm just waiting for the clock to wind down on this workday. I'm feeling kind of low today. Not doing real well. _PERSON_"
175987171,Knives Scissors A new journal Mechanical pencils Toothbrush
175987172,I can't seem to get a connection today. Everything is buffering.
175987173,New phones are so expensive.
175987174,Typically a vaccine would take about a year....then they e gotta ramp up the number of doses probably old people would be vaccinated first.
175987175,"Two days ago my girlfriend cheated on me, and immediately told me. I have no one to talk to other than her, and she's overwhelmed right now in other parts of her life, so she can't provide the support she wants to. I've been considering suicide, and I know its a bad idea and I know I'll never follow through, but the thought has been popping in my head seriously for the first time ever."
175987176,"I want my receptors to be happy lol... But no you're right There's just two sides and I can go to ""sobriety"" then chase something like a entrepreneur, money, fame, sex, power, relationships, etc.. Or full do it with chemicals. I like to call them molecules now.. idk.. But yeah I'm gonna read while my mom eats something and then we're going on a hike.."
175987177,I really dont know if I made a good choice doing this. But I cant really goto in person college anymore because of my job. I hope I chose a good college.
175987178,I feel really crappy today. I want to cry. I want to SH. I don't want to be at work. I just want to curl up in a ball.
175987179,I hiked to the top with my mom and she was having drama with her friends. All they talked about was sex and fashion so I got agitated and asked my sister to bring me home - My mom and I got separated from the other two so my sister brought both of us to the restaurant.. My mom forgot her phone in the car so my sister brought it back all pissed because she was late for work. I have mixed feelings about this day but I had a shower when I got home and I feel better. My mom says she tries so hard and just wants me to be happy - But I'm not using phenibut so I'm just asocial and moody - It sucks.. Possible trigger: I thought about suicide during this time but I feel a little better . Just trying to avoid a panic attack.
175987180,"I just turned 25 today. A half hour ago officially. I left my abusive household and got to a different state and did okay for myself. But the partner I had when I came up here, has triggered all of my PTSD triggers from my family's abuse. And he knew he was doing that everyday. He'd see my reactions and use it as more of a reason to do what he would promise he would stop doing and cried about never doing again. He cries and begs and tells me he loves me and cares, and as a person who was neglected and abandoned and belittled I fall for it because I've never had real love. I know this isn't real love either and I've known it but I keep hoping. He started getting really rough and blaming me for everything that would go wrong in the relationship when I would tell him exactly when he was triggering me. Id cry and scream and beg him to stop but he would just sit there with no expression and only laugh once in awhile which triggered so much for me even more. I tried to believe him again for my birthday a
nd he did the exact same thing again and told me it was because of me. I wanted so badly to have this birthday be happy and celebratory to celebrate my freedom from my family. But I have spent the day crying and screaming asking myself why I did this to myself by trying again to be happy with him. I know why I did, he isolated me and I have no friends and no way to get any sort of companionship or love so I feel like I have to try for him if I want anything close to love. I feel pathetic and worn out from sobbing. No one said happy birthday to me either today. I am alone. I need someone so badly. I wish someone loved me. I wish someone would love me how I love others and how I love the people I give my all to. I want it so badly. Im here alone with my eyes burning from crying, not knowing what im trying to say but hoping I can reach someone who will understand me. I know I was a fool. Please don't say it. I just want to move on and be happy and confident again. I miss me. I miss who I was."
175987181,"Tiny Habits: Small Changes that Change Everything by _PERSON_, PhD"
175987182,The goldfish crackers I didn't eat at lunch.
175987183,I feel so traumatized by everything. Possible trigger: Suicide is too traumatizing for me to ever do it and get out I wish I didn't exist
175987184,Nope now I'm having flashbacks of fighting with my ex step dad. I should have shook his hand and made up with him. Next time I won't shake hands with someone when I don't mean it.
175987185,"Man, you know you're out of shape when making your bed feels like a workout"
175987186,Hi Yep nightmares are the worst I get them a lot and the can be very real. _PERSON_
175987187,I always feel like garbage in the morning until I have at least 3 cups of coffee... I wish I could do more these days. Really am not feeling well.
175987188,We were going to get _NAME_ Garden tomorrow but apparently they’re already taking all the orders they can so we cannot. So disappointed.....we may get pupusas if they’re open or even chili’s....hard to tell.
175987189,"Took the bus to the laundromat but they don't open till 10 , apparently they're under new management now so new hours. Waiting outside till they open"
175987190,"Psychosis, solipsism, woke, fear - I've been there. Trauma can make this philosophy worse. Be kind to yourself <3 You deserve to have the bad memories erased and a good reality without so much horrifying suffering.. It's like shrooms.. The skull and decaying bodies - Flowers growing, then dying - All going in fast forward like that episode in Futurama where they sit in the time machine and press keep going into the future watching until the end of time... I once thought of myself spending eternity in a grave where my heart was still beating. The moon shines over me and maggots eat me.. There's horrifying things but what matters is that you have to try and get yourself out of the state.. It will happen by wanting to change through fear or love, etc and time. But anything we think is an illusion - All that matters is what psychiatrists consider as a ""normal"" state of consciousness (For us).. That's what we get to find peace in.. Just the medication developed to this point sucks and they need to mak
e better ones. What society and culture thinks and what we can decide to change about it depends on us. Art can be made, songs - Any creation.. Beautiful minded souls are either ignored, laughed at or dismissed as crazy, wrong, feared, misunderstood, etc.. #HonestThoughts What meds are you on now?"
175987191,Do you mean VR or what most of us consider reality?
175987192,"Thanks for the replies everyone. I agree with a lot of what is said here. I'm realizing that it's definitely good to keep informed but panic is useless and can actually be a waste of time! I sometimes find myself sitting in a chair and realizing five minutes have gone by of me visualizing the worst-case pandemic scenario. What a waste! I've been doing what I can. I bought all the stuff you're ""supposed"" to buy. I live in LA, and while there are a lot of cases in CA, not too many here in LA (just 20 in a county of 10million). And totally, the news and media are kisses of death for those of us worrying about this. Some of the headlines and chyrons are outrageous and feel like they are made to keep you watching/reading. So yes, just being informed, being smart, keeping those around the same, working from home if allowed, and watching comedies (not ""Contagion""!!)."
175987193,My Dad gave me some decaf coffee.
175987194,That sucks. Coffee is life.
175987195,"Trying to stop and reverse this weight gain, it's really upsetting me"
175987196,"I read about this compatibility testing from another of your comments and I never really knew it existed. I wonder if it is available here in Turkey. Prozac is the first ever SSRI antidepressant I try so it is all very new for me. I’ve been taking amitriptyline, which is tricyclic antidepressant, for 4 years now but it was prescribed for chronic pain and for better sleep. It was pretty easy to get used to it. Now I have to lower the dosage so there is no duplication with two different antidepressants. Even though my doctor literally said to me “they work very well together”. Not sure about that.. Heh. We’ll see."
175987197,"Let's swap that to completely brilliant, but not inherently insane."
175987198,I hope you're okay _AT_MENTION_ Hang in there! Kit
175987199,Honestly it’s super weird....hopefully you didn’t have any dates over in that time.
175987200,"I didn't eat all day and then got off work at 9, chugged a 7.5% beer and had to throw up"
175987201,"I need to meditate but the Klonopin is affecting me a lot so I don't know if I can. I hate Klonopin. I am going to try to get off of it ASAP. (_PERSON_: of course, I will go slowly)."
175987202,Hope it goes well and you don’t get too anxious.
175987203,I feel the same. If this goes on months and months what are we going to do? There are shortages of everything everywhere.
175987204,I'm excited. It's gonna snow Tuesday. I hope we get tons this year.
175987205,I hope of course that they're both fine.
175987206,_NAME_ got a second job at the bank. He’ll be teaching for 3-4 hours x 7 days a week and working at the bank 8 hours x 3 days a week.
175987207,What is your internal problem?
175987208,I just texted my therapist. She actually does use cbt on me. But I don’t necessarily practice it outside of her office. She’s been the most useful and helpful therapist I’ve ever had. I see her tomorrow.
175987209,"My grandparents are out of town for the weekend, so I'm here with my uncle and cousin. Just gonna lock myself in the bedroom and sit in my laptop. I feel bad"
175987210,"No one could figure out how to work this weird can opener. I find out that the blade was cutting the side of the can so the blade was inside and where it should be is a grip for turning the can.. then there's a clip on the side that is used to pinching the top off with it.. Never seen anything like that. I have faith that the Invega hasn't killed much brain cells yet. I realize that my mom saying that I used to ""Take things apart and put them back together"" when I was a kid is a good thing.. I always thought of it as a bad thing.. Like a conviction that I was weird.. Sometimes I just want to not be weird and have people not laugh at me.. Especially fake people. My sister is good with electronics though and figuring them out for my mom instead of me. When people have confidence in their genius, they can do anything with patience.. I always seem to be the one that figures out things for people. I didn't like people praising me cuz it's like winning and I never liked winning. It's cuz I would win al
l the time maybe and it just seems fake. I'm starting to realize that. Like with sports, I was better than everyone especially sprinting. But I'd just do it cuz people praised me and it felt uncomfortable still. I am a can opening master.."
175987211,"I take them out of the bottles so I almost forgot last night. I take Latuda with food so I ate an extra meal, took them, then put the bottles upside down once the lids were on."
175987212,"We have a roommate that pays us his rent in cash. He gave it to me last night, and I put it in our closet so that I could put it in the ATM the next day. I guess she found it. I don't think she was going to go manic or anything like that and spend it, which is a relief, but nevertheless, she took it. As far as the free help, we have several psychiatrists that we talk to for free, but the problem is affording medicine. She can't afford to see someone who can prescribe her with meds, and the meds we do buy in cash cost a ton of money. She buys weed off of the dark web to self medicate, but this costs over $500 per month, in addition to her prescript ion meds. Anyway, that event in the morning really set her off. As soon as I got to work, she started tweeting about how she was on the verge of self harming herself. I called her to talk about it, but she was not in a mood where anything I said was going to help - a mixture of anxiety, fear, anger and depression. After work, she immediately launched into 
a verbal and physical assault on me, completely incoherent. She beat me pretty badly by punching, slapping, kicking, slamming the doors into me, throwing things at me, all the while blaming me for everything. I did have to put her in a hold when she lunged at me. She just started screaming at the top of her lungs and wouldn't stop. She nearly threw my phone into the toilet to show me ‘how mean she can really be’ all the while beating me up. The entire time since I arrived at home I was trying to get her to buy medicine with me so she would feel better (less anxiety and fear), but she was not cooperative even though I was being nice to her. Eventually I had to just leave her alone. As I type this, she has barricaded herself in the room. She medicated herself with weed I think, so let's see how things play out. I'm locked out, so I can only hope for the best. I really appreciate what you guys do for people like me. Sometimes it feels like there is no other place to turn to, and that nobody understands, but 
then I see posts like yours and it feels like someone actually cares."
175987213,"Another therapist I spoke with today told me that an occasional ativan (or whatever) would be fine, and would give me a break from it -- so long as I am extremely careful not to overdo it.. So there's really no consensus. One thing that relaxes me is passionflower tea. I ordered some online, since i recently ran out and none of the stores where I live sell it. It has almost the effect of xanax for me, with -- I think -- less risk. I also ordered CBD, as referenced in my other thread, and I plan to try that too. Then I will meet with a p-doc. I am trying to avoid going on an SSRI, if I can. Nothing wrong with that, of course, just personally would prefer to avoid it if I can. That's why I am trying these other things. But I may have no choice."
175987214,Losing others at any age is painful. Pets included.
175987215,I think the weed I smoked on my moms birthday made me feel worse when my mom was drinking.. I had no patience for taking care of drunk people..
175987216,"Glad you get to talk to your doctor, _PERSON_. Make sure you tell him/her what's all going on. I'm sorry the meds aren't working."
175987217,_PERSON_ would love this thing too...he loves all the metal from like 80s etc.
175987218,If I could afford it I would
175987219,I put the things I will buy for my art supplies next month in the cart on an online shopping website: 1. Good quality brushes (3) 2. Half pan watercolor to refill my palette (3) 3. Set of oil pastel to make effects on watercolor 4. Set of pencil for sketching (I only have a 2B pencil and it’s too bold for sketching before I use watercolor) 5. Charcoal and pastel blender 6. Acrylic paints (2) 7. Canvas (4) 8. Washi tape (5) So next month all I need to do is just checking out.
175987220,yes i did at 7am
175987221,"Listened to music, did some house chores, took a walk, am cooking a nice meal"
175987222,"Possible trigger: I want to die, very badly. I don't know why. I feel paranoid in my apartment"
175987223,Hi Welcome to the forum. Sounds to me like you are dealing with health anxiety have a look at our resources section for some useful self help links. Tell yourself you are going to be ok. _PERSON_
175987224,"To start, giving it to God is a great plan, as with most every challenge. However, even though He may not immediately take it away, hindsight is always 20/20, as they say. I always look at it this way - while we still get anxious, we have gotten through EVERY SINGLE anxiety and panic episode in our lives up to this point, this one will be no different. I am in a relatively good place with my anxiety. Don't get me wrong, I have had it for more than half my life at this point and do have some symptoms on a daily basis, several times a day, but it is something that I have learned to deal with and cope with. While I don't consider anxiety to be a disability per se, I can relate to how those with a disability get on with their lives in spite of their particular challenges during the day. I think this is how I have been able to be on a pretty even keel for at least a good 5 years now. In my younger days, I balked at my great doctor saying I will have this the rest of my life. I spent so much time working 
and hoping for a ""healing"" that I looked right past the fact that he was not saying ""You will be housebound and terrified and panicking every day for the rest of your life"". He actually said what he meant - you (I) will deal with anxiety for the rest of my life and he has been right. I have. The difference is that It doesn't control me (much) anymore and I am now an unwitting expert at living with my anxiety disorder as opposed to not living because of it, if that makes sense. When I finally accepted the fact that my doc was correct in his statement, I think it freed me up. I do think that total healing is possible, but since anxiety is a common thing that every living non plant thing experiences as a part of principal biology, it is impossible to ever be completely ""free"" from anxiety. Anyhow, I digress. I too very much dislike doctor's appointments, mine or loved one's and even non anxiety folks feel this way, so you shouldn't feel abnormal because of it. As mentioned before, you will get through the 
anticipatory anxiety (this is the worst, isn't it?) and the anxiety of the task as you have every time before now. Since you know that..maybe this can give you confidence, which is always the antidote to anxiety. Godspeed to you and God Bless."
175987225,I have a _NAME_ book as well
175987226,You know I don’t think it’s my doctor who did it. I think the pharmacy is trying to poison me. So many people hate me and are out to get me idk who to trust.
175987227,I say celebrate all of the holidays.....Everywhere! I want to know all of th world holidays so I can be off work all the time lol
175987228,What I meant about work is you’ve got to be incapable of work before you get it not after.....
175987229,I’m in the mood for fall
175987230,"Hello newme1990, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about abuse by a psychiatrist. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Mental Health America search: abuse by psychiatrist Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175987231,Oh. I'm sorry. That is heartbreaking!
175987232,"I would just go to a doctor in person, it's a simple test to check if you're diabetic, I think any doctor can do it. I was concerned about it at one point when I was overweight so I just made an appointment and got a blood test done which showed I wasn't. Better to just get it done, if you don't have it it will be a relief and if your pre-diabetic or diabetic you'll at least know and can make changes and get on the meds."
175987233,"Dear One, you are focusing way to much on who you think you should be, and way to much on what you think your life is suppose to be like. What you should be focusing on right now - - is this precise - - precise - - precise - - moment - - not how other people perceive your life. Bring your attention to what you absolutely can control in this moment- - in this moment- - in this moment. Try “Instead of working on changing what people think of you - - I am going to work on mastering my mind moment by moment. I will practice non-resistance. I will imagine one day being free from this dynamic. I will imagine feeling confident. That you are exactly where, what and who you are supposed to be at this precise, exact moment. There are no mistakes in the universe. We are all parts of the universe."
175987234,"Yea I’m pretty sure I’m depressed. I’m sad and anxious. But my body feels bad. I feel weak, nauseous, and I have a headache. I barely been eating this whole week or two. I don’t even think about food. At this point, food is just for survival. I’m not hungry. I also been sleeping all day lately."
174384435,"Ok, let me put it this way.. you have siblings/family right? So do i, and we grew up together and we are quite similar except for the fact that they have always been able to read my mind. You say we are ordinary humans and there not. Thats not correct. We are all the same. Our brains look and consist of the same parts. Its just that they have developed their reptilian part of the brain since young age. And we have not. How do you think you got a ""psychosis"" in the first place? Its because you began to think in terms that you hadnt done before. Like i did(and most people who develop ""psychosis""/""schizophrenia""). The way you thought stimulated the reptilian part of the brain - A LOT! And that induced your ""psychosis"" During my psychosis i was very very manic and i heard voices(became mind reader, that is), i could also see people who lived in other cities - in real life! i could also see the images they projected from their minds to my own, AND i could also physically feel their emotions. You 
experienced 1 of these, right? You started to hear voices but not the other 2 im reffering to. Did people mess around with you as a kid growing up, or did people enjoyed being around in your company? They didnt repeat your thoughts as a kid right? This all happend after your psychosis. Its because you are aware now. And this society/game is divided in two camps: the aware ones and the non aware ones. So if theres an unaware whos now aware, you are a threat for the society. We(you, i, and many other people in here) are like viruses to this society. They wanted us to kill ourselves but we managed to still live."
175987235,"Hello, this is my first forum post here and I have been going through some issues recently. As I transition to becoming a senior in High School I have been thinking about my future as an adult and one thing that constantly pops up in my mind is death. Whenever I think of death it brings waves of fear into me as I really don't understand where our consciousness (soul?) goes after. It is something that happens to everyone and although I am a Christian I still feel fear around death due to the unknowns. I also have been really fearful of the deaths of my parents as well and not having anyone to rely on. Thank you all for taking the time to read and reply to this and I hope I can find a way out of this pit."
175987236,I'm not depressed cuz hiking and stuff Many things happen in life
175987237,"I made peanut butter fudge. It has chopped walnuts in it and chocolate chips on top. It still has to cool. I’m gonna give most of it to my sister Attached Images 8294CC95-98F5-417F-B544-56FF44D1CFB3.jpg (191.8 KB, 8 views)"
175987238,I'm getting the haunting feeling that everything is just in my imagination and my body isn't real. I can't feel anything.
175987239,"MV, Sort of a mixed bag then, huh? At least you are not having increased s/e's...but neither are you seeing results as of yet. It may be that you need to reach the therapeutic dose that is right for you before you start reaping benefits from your Rx. I have heard of this happening just as someone was losing hope in their med ever working for them. So if your doctor wants you to try and see it through...do your best to hang in there. Work your coping skills to help you through the process to feel your possible best. Sending positive thoughts for a turn around soon! S.C."
175987240,If it’s a sun rash sunblock does help so you might need to put some on before you go out next time.....
175987241,I do have protein for this week so I’ll be fine I just occasionally like th bagged _NAME_.
175987242,I’m studying applied mathematics and computer science for my double major because they’re for good job and data science. My minor is psychology because I think it’s fun.
175987243,I AGREE!! LEAVE Now and save yourself. It’s sounds scary.
175987244,"Just took one, it’s becoming a regular habit now"
175987245,"_PERSON_ I'm sorry that happened. I just had to negotiate one of my refills and it's a pain, especially if you already are feeling bad."
175987246,"Lol, I would have never thought of it myself!"
175987247,A dress.....
175987248,"Never fear, creepy not so secret crush is here :P"
175987249,"Pc was down yesterday....then I spent four hours at the dmv today....just generally busy.....on the plus side, fajitas for dinner."
175987250,I’ve recently started taking 12.5 mg of Zoloft and was hoping to hear some encouraging messages regarding this medication. This is my first time on medications and I am extremely anxious about taking it (part of my anxiety issues)
175987251,"Most of my creativity comes from angst, and sadness, from being miserable almost to the point of depression, I think it's rooted in how lonely I am. That's how I wrote my first short story. The title says it all, but it's in creating that I it comes alive, realized, and a sort of acceptance for how well I understand it."
175987252,Cat food: wet and dry Cat Litter Toiletries Cheerios Dr Pepper Two pairs of jammies for my niece and two tee shirts for my niece
175987253,"I'm glad that forgiving has helped you as much as it has, HT. Being able to move on from past trauma is a big deal."
175987254,melatonin
175987255,"I don't know what to talk about in therapy on Saturday. I'm not in crisis so it's like, hmmm. I have nothing to say. I'm trying to think of something that I can talk about before session time."
175987256,I feel so numb and anhedonic
175987257,Yes I did!
175987258,"I wouldn't recommend working with a therapist who you don't think is the right fit for you, _PERSON_. The reason they ask so many questions about your issues and you during the first session with a counselor is because they have to do what's caused an intake assessment. That way they can accurately diagnose you."
175987259,"_NAME_, Romans, 1 Thessalonians, and Psalms from the Bible"
175987260,"Nope, not today. Will tomorrow."
175987261,I have been feeling this elektricity feeling in the back of the head and brain zaps. Anyone else dealing with that? Especially the elektricity feeling in the back of the head.
174384468,I feel depressed. I just wanted to lie down and think. Because I'm constantly thinking.. My thoughts are too entertaining.. Philosophizing things.. I bought more nicotine spray. It seems to help with my negative symptoms a lot. Phenibut does too but I have to take a tolerance break. I'm gonna take phenibut before I go to the city for my mom's surgery. My aunt and uncle are flying to the city too and booked a hotel for us. 500 dollars a night. That was really nice of them. I think I should organize my notes. It's going to take a very long time to organize my notes so I just do it a little bit at a time which means I can organize my mind and thoughts. I'm listening to _NAME_. I might try reading the book I was given about the bipolar woman that became a doctor. It's really interesting. I'm trying really hard but my negative symptoms are soooo bad that it feels like I can be in pain a lot of the time. I'd rather have physical pain like a broken leg. But I'm doing good in terms of psychosis. I think the 
damage from being stoned is going away and I'm able to think clearly again. CBD really helps me relax and I think gets rid of my panic attacks so I don't need to take benzos. I took 100mg and now I know that it DEFINITELY works. CBD does work and it lasts all day. My thoughts were really slow this morning and all the Vyvanse does is get me out of bed but I drank a coffee and that helps too. A lot of people would rather sleep 12 hours a night and take Vyvanse to wake up rather than not being able to sleep at all and take sleeping pills so I guess it's not so bad. I'm able to keep mentally stable by having soooo much sleep like a solid 12 hours every night. Things are really hard but I'm pushing through it.
175987262,"_NAME_, That is what I had read before that some meds lose their effectiveness over a long period of time. I’ve only been on lexapro for 4 months and each time used it before I’ve never used it longer than a year. I’m not sure what the diff is this time for me. I’m so glad citalopram has been working for you all these years!!! .... Citalopram is like lexapro right? They are similar in some way?"
175987263,"How long is your father in law going to be there, I was thinking you said it was only temporary. It is hard having somebody act that way in your house. I hope he leaves soon. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987264,I must call my psychiatrist
175987265,"Yes, I took my meds, but I'll take the supplements when I take my night meds. I hate taking those things. Stinking huge pills."
174384471,"""And this returns us to madness. Several studies have found that people with extremely mild forms of schizophrenia - they're often referred to as ""schizotypal""-- perform above average when solving various lab tasks used to measure creativity. What explains this anomaly? Interestingly, schizotypal subjects also have markedly enhanced right hemisphere function, and are more likely to rely on this hemisphere during normal cognitive processing. Last speculative point: marijuana also enhances brain activity (at least as measured indirectly by cerebral blood flow) in the right hemisphere. The drug, in other words, doesn't just suppress our focus or obliterate our ability to pay attention. Instead, it seems to change the very nature of what we pay attention to, flattening out our hierarchy of associations."""
175987266,wow an advertisement to buy a book.....how nice...not.
175987267,Work is really crazy but I'm very glad I'm off today and tomorrow. It's just super super busy and I'm by myself with a young new girl. So I'm training her by myself while running the whole thing. it's crazy. And very exhausting
175987268,We are here for you
175987269,Thanks _PERSON_
175987270,Let me know how you do over this next week. I really care.
175987271,"Glad you are back _AT_MENTION_, not the same without you!"
175987272,That is one I can actually say I have never experienced. What do you think this is all about?
175987273,"I wish this cough would go away. At least I’m not coughing up phlegm anymore , it’s just a dry cough now. Maybe it’s my GERD. I had a chronic dry cough from that before"
175987274,Yay!! Let us know how it goes
175987275,Had eggs and a piece of wheat toast for dinner
175987276,"Hi my name is rich, thank you for listening. I’m a 33 year old male and I think I have severe ruminating thoughts and health anxiety. I have spent thousands of dollars searching for Illnesses that the doctors can’t find and are asking me about my mental state. I get really down from time to time and recently have been borderline depressed and panicky. It has gotten to the point where even being intimate with my girlfriend makes me think I’m addicted to sex and although we have a very healthy and vanilla sex life, I go into panic and low feelings the moment we get done. I get heart palpitations and immediately think it’s a serious Illness, I get a stomach ache (probably from anxiety itself) and I go to the doctor and get a colonoscopy and ultrasound. I can’t go on like this. I have only in the past few days come to terms with the possibility that it’s all in my head but I’m reacting horribly to every day situations, bodily sensations, moods, feelings and interactions with people still. 
Can anybody shine some light on me please. You are greatly appreciated."
175987277,"To be honest, no, I don't really enjoy it. That could be part of why I don't want to do it."
175987278,"Just got a stocking with some candy and a card from the head team person in my program. Also, chocolate chip, oatmeal, and m&m cookies and milk in the breakroom!"
174384497,"What do you notice first in the morning, your 'voices' or do they notice you !"
175987279,Thanks _PERSON_!
175987280,"It doesn't matter what or how you feel about dying without leaving a mark, most of the people in the world will be forgotten despite their opinion on this matter. Most people don't change or contribute to history in any way. and so, their relatives are the only people who can confirm their existence, but as time goes they will forget, too. It doesn't matter how social you are, most of us will have the same ending."
175987281,"tooooooook a good shower with HEMPZ fresh pineapple and honey melon shower wash and BUMBLE AND BUMBLE creme de coco shampoo. I felt ultra clean. I don't know why i put off showering like i do, I hate water that is not exactly the right temp it has to be cool enough that i don't feel any heat to it like it runs down my back without feeling it. tams"
175987282,I have to admit something. I’ve been going outside of the house more. And visiting with people. I haven’t been wearing a mask and neither have they been. _NAME_’s friends/family. Not even his mom even tho she’s scared about COVID-19. I have a headache this morning and feel slightly nauseous. But it could be because I cried my eyes out last night and then was so worn out from crying I binged in rice and the pan _NAME_ at midnight. Idk crying makes me hungry. But it probably was a stress relieving thing for me too. After I cried I immediately started thinking about food. I went straight to lay down after I ate a huge bowl of rice and felt nauseous and had heartburn. So idk
175987283,"Went to bed at 3am, woke up at 2pm. I feel so tired. Better make coffee. My dreams were insane. They were so cool. I have such cool dreams sometimes."
175987284,I don't know the answer but could it be diet related? Are you eating the same things or something?
175987285,I'm disappointed that I got nothing done today
175987286,"We don’t celebrate Halloween in my country, but I like the colors of fall ??"
175987287,"Hi _PERSON_. I’m sorry you were wrongfully diagnosed for so long. That sounds so hard. But congratulations that you’ve found medications that help! That’s huge. I’m glad you’re on here, hopefully that will help with the feelings of isolation. Thanks for being there."
175987288,"This week was pretty good for me despite the coronavirus pandemic. I wasn't able to volunteer at the two libraries since they're closed thanks to the virus. But I was able volunteer at the farm and the food pantry, fortunately for me."
175987289,Also found a store that can make you a custom scrapbook with your own design. I would like to turn my painting into it but they probably need a high resolution one and I don’t have any scanner.
175987290,I e got to keep our place.
175987291,"Stress is bringing voices again, and bugs, those bugs under my skin. I am calm. I was overwhelmed, I took a benzo and now I am calm. I am seeing an attorney in an hour. My head is full of stuff, I am organizing it to do not look crazy. I dont think I am crazy (I wish the thing inside me stopped screaming). Lolz. I do not act on anything, just feel it. I remember my last psychiateist saying ""You are perfectly ok"". Yah, I dont act weirdo even if I am weirdo. I have PTSD and some sort of neurodivergence, neurodivergence that could be diagnosed as schyzotypal, psychosis nos, or whatever the psychatrist wants to diagnose me with. I am overwhelmed again. Too many feelings: Hype and tired while wanting to cry and end everything, no! Its funny, its funny inside. Some laugh. I am tired. Its fun. I am sorry."
175987292,"Probably the first question is, what do you want yourself. Personality disorders are rather hard to treat, when you are looking for a cure - often its not possible to get rid of them completely. I think a PD therapy, which would usualyl be a psychodynamic /-analytic form of therapy would be between 5-10 years, which in itsef generates some prerequisites, like the ability to tolerate it long enough etc. I know from over in the NPD forum most people have never gotten past a year or exited therapy the moment it started to create negative states. So the important first step is imo: do you even want to change anything? Because there really is no need to change just because you now have a diagnosis of some sort. Especialyl pure pwSPD will basically not have any conscious suffering and not a lot of psychological interest, which makes their prognosis for therapy rather bad. If you have interest or curiosity and tolerance for negative states that could be a good sign, but ultimately you'd have to check this 
out with a fitting therapist anyways. As to medication, theres no medication for personality disorders. I personally am diagnosed witha mixture of SPD and NPD and I take zero meds, because both my therapist and I think it wouldnt make a lot of sense and could even create more problems. But that, too, depends on your circumstances and what you are looking for in regards to change."
175987293,Congrats! Great job
175987294,"My mattress is like 15 years old. I know you're supposed to get a new one like every 7 or 8 years so this is like double that, but it is still so comfy. It is one of those pillow top mattresses. It wasn't cheap when I bought it either. It was a couple thousand dollars so I'm not getting rid of it until the darn thing breaks or until it stops being comfortable."
175987295,"I'm getting my mom the apple watch series 5. It has a built in ECG/EKG and that could literally save her life because it notifies you if your heart is beating irregularly and detects early heart problems (She has a mitral valve prolapse, long QT syndrome, tachycardia and an aortic aneurysm). I should have got one but I bought the samsung watch (I thought it was better but it sucks)."
175987296,Now I feel anxious about the whole thing. I don't know. Sucks to feel anxious about practically everything.
175987297,Oh man. Sorry to hear that happened.
175987298,A banana and some walnuts. I think my body is like in shock from me eating healthy the past few days lol
175987299,When did he see her last?
175987300,Had cream of wheat for breakfast. Just had some chocolate. I am drinking black iced tea unsweetened.
175987301,I hope my sleep gets back to normal soon.
175987302,Morning Gonna have coffee soon.
175987303,So I have just got back from my trip. The drive back was really easy. I am sad however at not getting to see my grandfather more often. We had a really good visit before I left. It is sobering to think that may be the last time I see him. It is sad to think about how time has flown by.
175987304,My friend still hasn't replied to me in email or paid my phone bill. People are acting a little weird around me. We're still quarantined. It's been at least a week. I don't know why it's taking so long.
175987305,"If it conitinues, there is _PERSON_ Provigil to consider. It has worked for me. Hugs!!"
175987306,"My mom says that when I'm a little psychotic or have interesting thoughts and talk about them, I seem manic. It could be because of the phenibut - That's what I think. I just get excited by my thoughts really bad. I love my thoughts.... I hope you feel better soon <3 May your life be a constant hypomania!"
175987307,"I fell asleep earlier and missed my regular vape, so I'm using my pod. I think the nurse on duty tonight is psychic because she ""walked in on me"" twice for no reason. I cleared out some garbage from my vape bag which was good but I am scared about having any supplies in my drawers. For some reason they are very against that. I don't know why. Vaping is not the same as smoking. It's not like I have a pack of cigarettes. I have my pods but I need to get off of them. 60mg of nicotine is crazy. But I don't know why they are so adamant about not letting me keep supplies in my room. What are they afraid of?"
175987308,"Kinda. It's based on the idea that it's reasonable to assume that we'll continue to develop immersive game technologies to the point where they'll be indistinguishable from reality. If that's true, then the chance that we're living in one is much more likely than we just happen to be living in the time where these things are being developed. True, belief rejects proof; proof is truth and truth is dull and boring. It's more about common sense. You can buy a 3D headset today and walk around a virtual world. It all looks a bit 'gamey' and it's all a bit crap, but consider what the experience is like today compared to how it looked 10 years ago. Unless something happens to stop people developing these games, which I can't see happening, then it's inevitable that eventually the player will be unable to detect the difference. It's worth a Google search to look at a few articles; there are plenty of them. I'm not saying it's true, but I'd argue that it makes more reasonable sense than the horse-tripe peop
le believe in today. Religion is a great example. There's not one person who believes the same thing. Even those in the same religions will have slightly different ideas about their belief and what it means to them, and every single one of them fundamentally believe that they, and only they, are right. Everyone knows that everyone else believes they're right too, but not once does it make them think, ""Ooh, I wonder if they have a point."" Instead it makes them more determined to defend, often violently, the subtle differences, because it's essential to their self-image. Think about which religions fight. Muslims don't fight Buddhists and Pagans, they fight Jews and Christians. Why? Because they have a common belief; the religions have strong similarities and a common origin. People believe in their religion for one reason only - it makes them feel better. Well, so does heroin."
175987309,"Oh man i logged into my school today, already got an A in one class so my gpa said 4.0....it made me so happy ?"
175987310,"Wow. What a trip we’re all on. An epic journey. Remember all the ways that worked before and keep those routines up. I know it’s a hard time, I’m Feeling it myself. You can do this, it’s a different journey than we had hoped for or planned...yet keep remembering all the things that are going well and do whatever it takes to help Support others. It’s one way to show spirit we want something different for ourselves.... so Much so that we are stretching out of our suffering box and reaching to support others. Even a smile from a distance. There’s an old guy in our neighborhood every day, when he walks his little dog he stand near the corner and just waves cheerfully at passerby’s It’s sweet. And it makes me want to get out of my head and wave back. Hugs ( distant of course) as you figure out your way. We’re here for you. ???"
175987311,"It's already getting dark in my room with the blinds open. I fell asleep this morning and slept straight through the day. I hate when I do that. Craving my vape. The light is out in the bathroom. If there's anywhere you don't want the light out, it's there. Hope everyone is well."
175987312,"Yeah, I love pictures of books It's a little glimpse into your life! I love looking at people's bookshelves."
175987313,An awesome movie with _NAME_ that is pertinent to this thread: STOKER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJWrXKoTpL0
175987314,I wish I can go through out the day without thinking about death...
175987315,"I got up around 5am, excited too I guess"
175987316,I agree with all this!
175987317,I wish I could have my old energy back. I am so lazy and depressed these days...
175987318,bought those chocolate chip cookie cannoli sandwiches
175987319,"I had a shower of sorts today, my fur is clean and shiny (I prefer the river though )"
175987320,"Nope. I did not feel the need. Maybe I was wrong because a few people plugged their nose when they were walking past me. I said ""B.O.""? and they said ""you are stinky"" sooooooo I might shower tomorrow."
175987321,Black coffee Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175987322,A green apple
175987323,"Hallucinogens have destroyed my brain to the point where it is left on the ground as colours and confusion.. It turns black then melts down the drain. The drain is the future. I can't predict what is the future is but I look into this darkness often and what do I use to see into it? The dimmed light that I couldn't understand from the start. It was bright before the world put me down. Walking down frozen wasteland roads reminding me of the sound of high keys playing on a piano. It keeps me going faster through time and space, now brighter but too bright that I'm blinded by the light. It's like staring into the sun. How do we make sense of a dying star? Wish upon it, for fortune (money), health, to guarantee a bright future. But there is no bright future some say. People wish all the time on their birthday. What to they do? The blow out the candles.. the kill the light.. Was lighting the candle by family and friends to help with the wish? Were the stars created by God to give the wish? I remember I 
wished upon a star when I was a kid for a million. Now I realize that that's not what I want. I want to take it back and wish for something else. But that's not how that works. It's not fair. What do I not understand? What do we understand together? Which road did we go down? Where does it end? We are destined for an end but have no idea what it looks like. The more the light fades, the slower it fades. Until the end. I will be alone forever in my head. The future is bright they say. I'll try and believe it. Miracles aren't real. But they make sense. People talk about fascinating things and you're then left alone in your head to analyse and feel. #INFP??"
175987324,Your welcome! I do find a mood journal to be very beneficial and keep me from flying blind when I see my psychiatrist. I can give him more accurate info. I hope all the best for you as well.
175987325,My doctor said to avoid marijuana because it can cause anxiety - Even though it can help. I smoked a slight amount because I couldn't just relax and read. Now I can. I think marijuana is the only thing that allows me to do things.. I took my Vyvanse at noon today so it should last until I go to bed =]
174384512,I think I need clozapine............................ I am acting really strange as of late and it's bumming me out.
175987326,"You didn't let anyone down Newtus, you're still doing great"
174384574,"This is sort of a med-related thing -- does clozapine replace all other meds, or can you use clozapine with other meds? I just looked it up and it seems like it interacts with a lot of other meds. I was looking to switch to clozapine because of my impulsive ****. And generally my pdoc has no consensus as to whether the meds I am on are helping."
175285108,"The CoronaVirus has moved me more into depression as the days go buy. I do have a cat and she helps some, but some days even her high jinks don't pull me back out of depression. I have Diabetes and Asthma, so I am very concerned if I should get the virus I may not survive. I got approved for social security disability. The day I got the decision I was on cloud nine, but the very next day I was back to being cooped up at home for so long. I exercise, listen to my favorite music, and watch comedy shows. This virus just has me fearing how the future will be. My family and I don't see eye to eye on the political front. So I just don't talk politics anymore. My emotions are all in a jumble, even though I will be getting social security disability and not have to work again."
175987327,Happy Birthday _PERSON_ !!! Do something good for yourself today.
174384504,And _PERSON_ son had schizophrenia! This stuff I think about is interesting as hell! _USER_ID_: The chances of having SZ and PDD-NOS (Atypical autism) is 4/100th of a percent so 0.0004% or 1 in 2500 people _AT_MENTION_... Weird type of curse. I read a research paper that says that having both makes each two illnesses not as bad.. Or more severe than two alone idk... But we did psychedelics.. They did something to the brains..
175987328,"Feel weird. Been feeling calm more and sleeping during the night past 2-3 days. Also feeling, not more energy, but usually my body feels heavy and I feel lethargic, but past 2-3 days haven’t been feeling the heavyness feeling. I started the metformin 3 days ago on Sunday. Idk...maybe it’s that."
175987329,Hahahahaha. Well you read a lot
175987330,"Do you think that the SSRI is finally working? That's very interesting.. When I got put on an SSRI, I backed out because it made my panic attacks worse.. But I guess I didn't give it a chance."
175987331,"Trying to decide whether or not to go to the support group tonight. I'm feeling self destructive (but not sui) so I kind of don't care. I'm like whatever. I didn't go to therapy with Pastor _PERSON_ this week. I didn't go to Bible Study. I'm predicting a pattern here. It's two hours--the support group is--and last time I really didn't get much out of it, but I know it just depends on who is there. IDK, maybe I should go. I just feel like is it even worth it? Ugh. I guess I should go. I kind of don't want to. Maybe I won't. IDK. I have time to make up my mind."
175987332,Ever since I started working I feel like I’m hear snippets of convos about me....pretty sure it’s related to psychosis more than actual convos.....
175987333,Had a bowl of salad and a tuna sandwich for breakfast
175987334,Mmmm Zoloft Twinkies........
175987335,Seeing as we have had a lot of new members I thought this post would be useful so bumped it back to the top. _PERSON_
175987336,"I felt dissociative earlier. Nothing felt real around me, and I felt disconnected from everything. I felt better after a while of grounding strategies my psych had taught me. The Five Senses. I still feel empty but not as disconnected."
175987337,Possible trigger: Not feeling well today with my mental health. Yesterday I was pretty paranoid and thinking people could read my thoughts and everyone was in on it. Idk what “it” was. This morning I was doing fine and just had a fleeting sui thought.
175987338,"I've taken some of my supplements now. I kind of fell off my horse a while ago, but I seem to have found my way back up. If only we could ride unicorns instead. We'd have that horn to hold on to."
175987339,Course drop dead line for full refund is September 8. I can’t believe I’ll be taking a class at Harvard.
175987340,"Fingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir Book by _NAME_ Every minute was magical, every single thing it did was fascinating and everything it didn't do was equally wondrous, and to be sat there, with a Kestrel, a real live _PERSON_, my own real live _PERSON_ on my wrist! I felt like I'd climbed through a hole in heaven's fence.An introverted, unusual young boy, isolated by his obsessions and a loner at school, _NAME_ was only at home in the fields... goodreads.com"
175987341,Going to have dinner with my friend tonight
175987342,"Hugs, love, and big support. We are all supporting you. I do think weed is pro-psychosis and pro-autism."
175987343,I feel very awful too. You're not alone.
175987344,You would need to hire a Private eye with Bug Sweeping Gang Stalking knowledge !
175987345,I'm not sure. I sent you a snap tho.
175987346,"Agree with _PERSON_, your doc may want to avoid the drowsiness...."
175987347,I can’t help myself... I had to wash my hair three times before I thought it was clean. Trying not to focus on it but my mind keeps obsessing. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175987348,But creepy. I feel like someone could’ve easily had a heart attack. This was at a nursing home?
175987349,"I know.. I don't know what is wrong with me.. I'm obsessed with ""IQ"" like an autistic obsession.. cuz I'm afraid that it will lower due to the antipsychotic.. Then what will I have in life? Nothing! No jk.. But I completely understand that IQ is just putting blocks together like how I do math in my head.. And there's 99.99999999% many other things that makes up the human consciousness.. I know this.. I should just ignore the IQ thing like how I have to ignore the soldiers.. But I always end up talking about things that my ego is hurt by.. like the soldiers.. They really damaged my ego.. But I must ignore and forget.. It's just really traumatizing.. But I promise to myself that I won't talk about the things that damage my ego anymore cuz there's so much more greatness to me that can be come by from being humble and modest (That's when I really feel happy.. It's just the soldiers made me feel horrible.. worst I've ever felt since my psychologist/psych nurse got really mad when I ordered mdma, meth, 
coke, heroin, weed and etizolam in one order).."
175987350,I liked it.
175987351,"Ok, sounds good"
175987352,"Avantika121, for many people it is a hard lesson to learn...that our self worth and validation first must come from ourselves. I spent most of my life struggling with my oftentimes low assessment of my self-worth. I wish I would have learned much earlier on but now I could not be happier. Depression is a very difficult monster to deal with in our lives. And you are certainly not alone in suffering from depression!! I think people get caught up on ideas about who they 'should' be, 'could' be, 'wanted' to be, 'failed' to be, 'envied others' to be... The list can go on and on. I would say anytime is a good time to remove yourself from such a damaging and hurtful list. If you have difficulties with yourself, then it is as it is. I believe once someone says to themselves, ""Okay, I have faults."" ""It just so happens, the very best of mankind has had plenty of faults too!"" Things then will begin to smooth out and you may be in for some pleasant surprises about yourself. Remember, you have not lost you 
if a man does not pay you attention. We each have attractions to others and we follow after those attractions. A rejection from someone does not mean you have no value. You simply just are not their 'style'. Even like someone who is a dog person and not a cat person. It takes a lot less energy when you are not starved for attention from a certain man. But he is not the problem... Try taking your focus off of him and focus on yourself. Say what you want to say when you feel it. It does not have to be serious, it can be fun and lighthearted. It is easy to be happy! Talk with people with a light heart and share something joyful, don't isolate yourself. Others can feel lonely and you may cause someone to smile by just saying, ""Hello, how are you?"" Another's response may also bring a smile from you. Start talking out loud to others what you are thinking and feeling. Stand up for yourself and be strong in yourself. You are as free & happy as ever...you just need to rescue yourself from yourself. It's all there ju
st waiting for you. For all you know, he might take notice of a joyful change in you!! _PERSON_"
175987353,"Took _NAME_ to the vet last night. I was really afraid it was going to be her kidneys. Turns out she has a super bad infection. Her white blood cell count was more than double what it should be. They did a bunch of tests on her and gave her fluids because she was dehydrated. Then they gave her an antibiotic shot that is supposed to work for 14 days. (She's been on antibiotics twice in as many months but I don't think it's cleared up the infection. So I am hoping this does.) They sent us home with two medications for her. I'm trying to get the results from one of her tests that she had done but they said they just got the results an hour ago and the doctor is on a break and yada yada yada. Excuses, excuses. They don't know what caused the infection but I think it is her bladder which is what was infected before. I think her bladder keeps getting infected and her body is trying to fight the infection but the infection is so strong it weakens her."
174384549,"I'm doing ok still. I am tired and need to rest because I just finished my morning shift. I feel fine. I get paid per hour so I have to maximize the number of lessons I receive and so far have been receiving more. I am tired though. The prep time is not paid for so I spend a lot of time doing this though. I will be ok. I'm earning more than I did when I was here two year ago because I have more classes. I am happy somewhat. I like my life now! I can eat out and eat well. I have to exercise though because am getting fat. So, life is ok. I have a two day holiday next month. I wonder what I should do? Hmm, may be, just rest, I guess. I am grateful for my health, my job, my life, and my family. I feel ok and could have not done without these things."
175987354,"Morning With everything going on, I feel so idk. I cant explain it. Many times lately I feel like I've been breathing through a coffee straw. Those extremely skinny straws u get with your coffee. I've not been eating and barely sleeping. Throwing up everyday from anxiety. Idk"
175987355,"I know of a couple songs done by women (like some of _PERSON_ acoustic) that I enjoy, but I've been trying to find more likable music by female singers - and I discovered that searching for covers done of rock songs are my best bet. Cover done by _NAME_ Music Cover done by _NAME_ Cover done by _NAME_ Flowers"
175987356,"I am reaching out as a lost individual who feels like I am on the brink of losing the love of my life. Or watching her tear down everything we have built and possibly regret the decision. The past year we have gone through ups and downs. Prior to our ups and downs it has always been her struggling and pointing a finger at something. Our living situation with her mother while in school, the weather, the state we live in etc. There was a down period where she said she didn’t want to be married with me. Did not come home a few nights staying with a past ex. She claimed the most that happened was she kissed him but realized it was a lapse of judgement in what she was seeking. I forgave her for this and we worked through it creating a deeper bond than we have ever had. We have extremely good communication nothing is off limits. A few other times now she has expressed the urge to be on her own thinking she was done and wanted to move into her own apartment. Not because she didn’t love me but because 
she needed to find herself. Needed space to do her own things, practice yoga, cook, journal. She feels she cannot do this in our home because other peoples energy exists there. She feels she would be a better mother to her kids if she saw them half the time. Every time I talk to her and she kind of comes around to you know your right maybe its this or that. She saw a therapist 4 times and stopped going because she did not like the woman. Just the other day she became disconnected from me again and is again pushing me away and back to wanting to just basically run from everything. She has told me I can have the house, everything in it, she has talked about being ok with extended time away from her children or just completely walking away. Over all of these times she has expressed suicidal thoughts at times. She has expressed feeling like a burden to everyone. Very low energy and a lack of zest in her life. She doesn’t do much around the house I do it all. At times she tells me she loves that dynamic. Its fun 
for us we joke about it. She will take a shower and yell BAAAABE because she needs a towel etc. She has experienced traumatic events as a child, got pregnant at 16, and had a bad relationship with her sons’ father. She has never received any form of help other than yoga teacher training. I am at a loss of what I can do to help her as she wants nothing to do with me. I don’t recognize her. A week ago, I received paragraphs expressing her gratitude and how much she appreciated our love. How she would never hurt me again and understands it was a haze. Nothing negative has happened between us she has jut flipped. We had 4 months of good and then she just nosedives. Me, her family, and other friends are lost. Her thinking doesn’t seem rational. The way she becomes cold and pushes me away when just prior is climbing into my lap and we are laughing together. I am panicking as I am afraid we will lose everything so she can be on her own before getting actual help. Does anyone have any suggestions on what she ma
y be struggling with? Major Depressive Disorder, Bi-Polar?"
175987357,Right on!!! ? HT
175987358,"In regards to the Abilify - do you know that doses above 15 mg are considered to have the antipsychotic properties? That is, doses under 15 mg are usually reserved for depression only. Then, above 15 mg, it becomes more of an antipsychotic. Perhaps you need a higher dose. Not prescribing, of course, but letting you know what my experience has been with Abilify. I'm only on 15 mg now of Abilify but that's because I use it exclusively for depression."
175987359,I'm drinking decaf coffee but it is making me very bloated still. Like theres a huge air bubble in my stomach. I get bloated when I drink coffee every morning. Especially if I dont eat with it.
175987360,My cat has cancer
175987361,"It's my own fault, I didn't eat enough today"
175987362,"Water, lots of it"
175987363,Pasta .....
175987364,She hasn't texted back though.
175987365,"My name's _NAME_. I'm 25 (soon to be 26) and I've been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, GAD, PTSD, ADD, and am currently in the process of seeing if fit the criteria for OCD. This is my first post in this community and I wanted it to be a positive one. 2020's not taking any prisoners and I'm sure a lot of you are feeling as isolated and off-kilter as I am. If you ever need to vent to a stranger, I'm all ears. I don't pretend to know how to solve every problem but I am a relentlessly supportive individual and can occasionally offer a nugget or two of wisdom if asked to. Aside from that, I just wanted to share a few things that have brought me a little bit of joy in recent months in the hopes that they might do the same for others. https://window-swap.com/ Window Swap is a website that welcomes you to take a look around the world through other people's windows. With most people being stuck at home, it's a free and easy way to simulate travel with the click of a button. http://weavesilk.com/ Bored and 
anxious at the same time? Shut your brain off and keep your hands busy by making pretty pictures. This one goes great with music. https://www.pixelthoughts.co/# Have a specific thought that won't leave you alone? This site will put it in perspective with an added bonus of brief meditation. https://explore.org/livecams/currently-live/bergin-university-se... This is a good place to go if you wanna watch something but don't want to be overstimulated. Most of it is animals and/ or nature which is a big plus, in my opinion. I know none of this will fix or 'cure' what you're going through but maybe it'll offer you a few moments of reprieve. Anyway, I hope all of you have a beautiful day, week, month, and even life. I'm rooting for you."
175987366,"Work is really working me. I get off at the end of the day tired, out of it, and slightly paranoid and hallucinating."
175987367,Did u call it rememberon? That is awesome. Hated that med.
175987368,Slept only for two hours and now wide awake. Drowsy and brain is foggy from meds still.
175987369,"It’s hard to get two bachelors if you don’t do it at the same time...some schools won’t allow you to, they suggest a masters."
175987370,Keep strong all. HT Appt for potential support worker in about an hr. _PERSON_ hurry up finish coffee...call cab. HT
175987371,5 steps
175987372,There definitely is. It’s just about trial and error with what works for you
175987373,"Gonna buy an energy drink to help motivate me. I think my heart stopped last night not sure. I went unconscious and then woke up right after while feeling a heart spasm. I could have just fallen asleep instead though because when I fall asleep, my heart rhythm changes so idk.. Then the beta blocker kicked in and I went to sleep."
175987374,"Hello _PERSON_, glad you are getting some good responses on here. My first thought was also for your safety. When you said your son got control of your cell phone, I thought you should have at least two phone lines, maybe land line and cell, or two cell lines, so you have a chance of getting at one or the other. You say he has been hospitalized against his will a couple of times, if I understand. Did those involve your having called first responders to your home? If so then hopefully you are not afraid to do that, just feel defeated that it hasn't helped? When the replier above suggested an endoscopy might be helpful, I thought ""what child or early teen would agree to that ?"" However, if are any treatments indicated that would make him less of a threat to himself or others, there should be a way of enforcement or strong encouragement by his current treatment providers and by you, at least withholding privileges at home, etc. Does your son have a father or stepfather in his life who can support yo
u in this? Siblings, aunts, uncles, grandparents? You need support. Have you sought therapy for yourself?"
175987375,Than I must be estupido
175987376,I just want to clarify a bit....I would be upset too if they said they would pay then didn’t but Ive found that trying to understand where other people are coming from makes me less angry. So many people waste their energy on small things like being angry in traffic and other situations they cannot control. Personally I try to think of things from their perspective like that guy who sped ahead and cut you off could be having an emergency...he may just be an ahole or oblivious but thinking maybe he has an emergency helps me remain calm and understanding which is a much better place for my own mind. The reality is that by being angry you give the other person power and control in your life. Keep your own power and control and you’ll feel much better overall.
174384624,I am now up to 1 mg of Abilify per day with no side effects.Wiil be going up to 2 mg s in 10 days.Cannot believe that had to start on one quarter of one mg s for my body to ad just to this med!!!!!!!
174384590,"In many of your posts, your first suspect is the anti-psychotic Abilify. For instance in your latest post (8-24-2020) you started off: “Anyone who's used or uses Abilify, Iv'e been on it for almost two months now. Even though I get bad moods like irritability or agitation with out med's Iv'e noticed it to be more persistent the last few weeks. I'm wonder if anyone who's used this has had similar effects. It's been a bit more difficult to be in a good mood latley. Trying to discern whether it's the med's or just me going through a mood cycle.” I think you know what the problem is, you’re just trying to get somebody to agree with you. To your above post, HT responded: “Yes it can. I had a dunbing down component. Horses for courses. It may be not a good fit for you. Duscuss with shrink. HT” Drugs.com lists as the first side-effect of the anti-psychotic Abilify as: “severe agitation, distress, or restless feeling” On 8-6-2020, HT said: “Abilify cmgoos for psychosis and chaotic thoughts. 
And can boost some anti deps. Ny shrink says...we lnow ourselves best...u am guided by you.” Next appt discuss your options. Abilify may not be right for you. I have used it in spats of unwellness. HT"" You are getting all kinds of tips about this, but you still can’t pull the trigger on the anti-psychotic Ambilify. However, on 8-15-2020, _NAME_ said: “I take 20mg of abilify a day. I also take pristiq. Both are working well for me. I hope that the abilify helps you. I take it for obsessive thinking. It does help."" In my 8-7-2020 post I said about your two meds: “Net said Trintellix is an anti-depressant and that Abilify is an anti-psychotic that is also used to treat bipolar. I took an anti-psychotic, Stelazine, many years ago, which was used for torture in Russia, after I recommended it, and it was, yeah, it was torture. All I wanted to do was walk, couldn’t concentrate on anything. Never had a peaceful second. “Lost track of time, I didn’t know if 6 minutes was 6 months. Didn’t know if this 
state of mind was the result of my mental breakdown or the results of the medicine, since one came on top of the other. “So, I’m just wondering, how are you doing on the anti-psychotic? Stelazine is old timey anti-psychotic, the newer ones are supposed to be better.” You said you started on meds in June of 2020, with the anti-depressant and then adding Abilify. When the Abilify dosage went from 1 mg to 2 mg, is when you really started to question the Abilify, saying on 8-17-2020, “I was increased to 2 mg's one week ago. We'll see how goes.” On an earlier post you said: ""I had minimal to no side effects on the lowest dose of Trintellix 5 mg aside from getting these late morning what felt like med induced depressive lows that would dissipate after a few minutes to a few hours. Over all I was improving in all areas of my mental health! Better mood and less depression. “My Psych Dr. decides to add Abilify 1 mg out of fear that I could become unstable on the antidepressant alone (Trintellix). So far I 
really hadn't. I liked where I was going with the antidepressant alone so far. I was really excited! after a few weeks I felt like I was plateauing on my mood and now feel like I'm a little set back with the depression and irritability. I felt was doing better on the Trintellix alone and believe the abilify maybe creating agitation and hindering my mood."" And then you say, “I honestly would like to go back to mono therapy with the antidepressant and up the dose just slightly and get off the abilify. It's only been two months and I know you have to give these things time but that's my instinct on the treatment as of now.” I take Mirtazapine anti-depressant, and the stabilizer for the mania is Lithium, which does not interfere with the anti-depressant, it just stops the anti-depressant from throwing me into mania, but it doesn't make me depressed or agitated."
175987377,"I think I am going to try to get off of the Xanax next, then the olanzapine, then maybe the mirtazapine. I think Abilify and Effexor are the only meds I need. Not sure. Going to ask a pdoc."
175987378,I need to take my fish oil and my night meds but I took my AM Meds except for the ADHD meds. Still deciding about that one.
175987379,My pure obsessional OCD rumination is really really bad. It's never been this bad. I'm freaking out about my heart and 34 other things. I lied down for 5-10 minutes and started counting things that naturally came into my head. I counted 35. They were all worries. Nothing good.
175987380,Why is no one here?
175987381,"Hi, _AT_MENTION_, In my past, I had what you described, when I had more serious mental problems. I also experienced it with my eyes open, but brighter with my eyes closed, oranges & reds & yellows. The psychiatrist put me on a medication that made those kinds of images (demonistic-like) disappear & they never returned, thank goodness. But I still have these neutral type of images, which are completely harmless. By the way, welcome to PC!"
174384614,"I was watching a research youtube video on shamanism and schizophrenia.. Quite interesting.. _PERSON_ was schizotypal (God don't quote me on that I know he was bad. He had disjointed magical thinking cuz of his upbringing idk). Psychedelic rock like hendrix, beatles.. religious esoteric ideas/lyrics... Hallucinogens.. It's all quite mad that I have become so open minded yet aware of the small complexity in the world.. I can talk forever about everything and that's what driving me nuts now.. Yet keeping me sane at the same time.. It can be all too much. Liberals are very open minded. Conservatives need to put things into boxes.. Cuz they don't have complex creative minds, have convictions.. Religious.. less psychotic and original.. Ok I'll stop talking before I get moderated..."
175987382,Get stretch waist pants...you’ll have to order online though I don’t think any stores have them...I don’t mean sweat pants these are jeans or say black pants....
175987383,Well I got my peanut butter cup chocolate ice cream! Have to wait till the other store is open though to get my coffee
175987384,I took 75mg of CBD before bed and stayed awake for hours and my eyes were straining. Eventually I took zopiclone and half of a clonazepam and I went to sleep. I'm wondering if it could be because of the NAC so I only took half of that today. The extra coffee has given me a headache so Advil it is..
175987385,"Hello, let me just start off by saying I understand what you mean. Although I'm too young to do most of that, I get it. You put this under the PTSD category, which peaked my interest because I was diagnosed with it back in late July-August. I'm not entirely sure what would be the absolute best way to go, but i think you should talk to your family about how you feel. I know it's hard but really, it could help!"
175987386,What i find hard is going to work and commit to it everyday.
175987387,"Watched a holiday movie on Netflix called Holidate , was really cute/funny"
175987388,"Try waking up at the latest amount of hours subtract 1-2 hours because it's like jet lag...To tolerate waking up and going to sleep every hour, it takes two weeks. Anyways good night all. I just had a panic attack and I'm exhausted."
175987389,"Power went out, went to my grandmas. Just came back on according to my power company so I'll be going back soon."
175987390,Do you think it’s because you have all these things and it’s not what you expected it to be?
175987391,I don’t like gas because I had a gas leak in my childhood home once and we didn’t know. The neighbors came to tell us they smelled something like gas. And we had to leave and call the fire department cuz there was also a power line hanging down in our yard from the thunderstorm the night before.
175987392,"Cilly, I really do encourage you to get a second opinion on your diagnoses. I think the fact that you were under the influence at the time (or detoxing which can cause great variations in our mental state) had a lot to do with you receiving that dx. Please do try and get a second evalutation if you can my friend. _PERSON_, I believe that the Chat rooms did not make a return appearance with the new formatting. They were not well attended or moderated (I for one did not have time to moderate here AND there) and were fraught with some issues that just made it easy for Admin to not want to continue with them. I am sorry. I know that those of you that did use them really enjoyed them...so I feel for you. I do hope that you'll continue to post with us though! We will keep you in support in this format too. S.C."
175987393,I had spaghetti for lunch
175987394,"I love birds. They're little fluff balls of sass and poop. They eat like pigs, live like savages, but boy do they keep good company."
175987395,I've been good about everything today. Just need to take my evening supplements.
175987396,"Yes the tense feeling is severe anxiety, it's not situational and it's not akathisia, I've had that before and it's different. Haven't had any recent med changes. I'm taking paxil and wellbutrin along with my other meds so I'm going to see about getting the paxil changed to zoloft since that helped me in the past. I'm on the max dose of paxil, 60mg and wellbutrin is 200 mg so maybe the wellbutrin can be raised. I guess I'll see what she says thursday"
175987397,"It is scary. I am not around it so I feel safe, but I feel for those having to deal with it up close and personal. Things are going to settle I am sure. It just takes time. Keep hanging in there. Good for you not paying attention to the news. My husband has it on 24/7 too. I change the channel when he leaves to go outside. I hope your anxiety subsides. It is no fun, I know. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987398,"I would suggest seeing a Mental Health Professional as soon as possible, the thoughts you are having should not be taken lightly or dismissed. Have you started any new medications? It is possible for medications (Psychiatric and non-Psychiatric medications) to cause medication induced S thoughts. In this case a person doesn't feel S but the thoughts are there. Again, seek professional help as soon as possible. I have had S thoughts due to medications and I will say it's a very weird feeling as I wasn't S or depressed. No. There is no connection between anxiety/panic attacks and S thoughts. take care"
175987399,"I feel stuck in habit and routine. I'm working now. I'm stuck in a place that I don't want to be in. I can't draw if I want. I can't focus. I'm addicted to taking something to make myself better. I'm stuck. But I think that once I take something, then I can break habits behaviourly. It's better than it was before where I was just taking things for no reason."
175987400,"Long term. I don’t remember when I got put on it. I want to say since 2006 or so? I was taking 4 milligrams at one point quite awhile ago before I dropped the dose down to 2mg due to highly treatment resistant catatonia. I was taking 2mg when I started tapering off of it, it’s been kicking my ***."
175987401,I published my short story this morning. Im going to stick with short stories from here on out. ? I much better at it.
175987402,Omg that storm was HORRIBLE. It was hailing and everything. I was scared. Not very relaxing...
175987403,_PERSON_ explains why you’ve been sleeping in the day.....you’re not sleeping well at night. Makes me wonder if you could have sleep apnea?
175987404,I would really enjoy that. I’m in tears reading it. Thank you. It’s been a while since being able to see a therapist due to corona virus and sometimes it get so lonely and hard trying to help myself. Stinks that I’m my own worst enemy
175987405,"It’s both, but one comes before the other. Love for others is what keeps me alive. Lack of self-love is my battle."
175987406,I originally was diagnosed with psychotic depression. Actually originally I was diagnosed with schizophrenia. Then psychotic depression ensued. Then I was diagnosed with schizoaffective. I don't know what I have honestly.
175987407,"I don’t get it, I’m super crabby today for not any particular reason......"
175987408,I don't know what the hell I'm doing though. I'm in doubt. People try to help me but no one knows what I want. I don't know what I want. But I have a better idea of it than them. I just wish I wasn't in such existential crisis. I blame the video chat people.
175987409,might take meds and sleep early
175987410,I guess y’all aren’t getting it. I’ve literally tried everything for months at a time.
175987411,"You have OCD right? It's becoming more understood in society.. Or even delusional thoughts.. They're just thoughts. Nothing more. It depends on action, emotion, reaction.. Every decision we make determines our reality. So if you moved one finger, life is completely different and you have a whole new story line of thoughts.. I wonder sometimes if particles in our neurons can be changed by devices - But all of those particle accelerators and smashers.. We're figuring things out and fast. I like a quote by _NAME_, ""NO ONE is in control"". I can't piece all of this life together.. It's interesting but also very confusing. Best thing is to talk to people, trust them, experience and enjoy life - Explain the troubling thoughts if they're getting in the way of your life's meaning. That's why groups like this in Roll Call are just a bunch of amazing beautiful minded people with problems.. And we want the illnesses gone.. So don't be afraid no one judges here ^-; I think that talking to someone that makes f
alse assumptions without trying to understand is worse than someone that judges - Cuz I find it hard to trust my own mind.. Reassurance helps. We know our place through 20,30,40 years of living.. There's only so much that we can do.. Give us a break @ Demons.. Exhausting just regretting so much that I regret in real time up to the future.. Just defeatism.."
175987413,"My dental appointment went horribly. It wasn't anything they did, it was me. I was basically having a panic attack during the entire thing and they weren't even doing anything, all they did was take an X-ray yet I was shaking like a leaf the whole time, I was awkward and just ughh it was so embarrassing I feel like they were looking at me like I was a crazy freak and I was getting so paranoid they were talking about me I almost was going to say something and accuse them of laughing at me Anyway, my tooth is infected and I need two root canals. They prescribed amoxicillin, ibuprofen and acetaminophen. I have to go back Thursday anyway to get fillings unrelated to this, I have to wait till my insurance approves (hopefully) the root canals. So yay, I get to go back to the place just two days after that mortifying experience ... :/ I really hope next time is better, idk what was wrong with me, I have never been that bad in an appointment before even though they make me nervous in general"
175987414,"well this board seems testy lately. i've never gone mute. although i do get moments where talking becomes difficult. this feeling of something in my throat settles in and the idea of talking is a big effort. too much. i have to push, like i'm pushing something solid up my throat. i've learned sign language in bits and pieces for times i'd rather not talk but no one else understands it, lol. it's an occasional fantasy that i can just take a break from talking in certain times and places and revert to ASL. in the end though i find it's better i fight that desire. there are certain things i believe are better to fight than give into, fight when it's possible...before it becomes impossible to fight them."
175987415,Just washed the dishes and swept the floor and tidied up and washed out fiancé’s personal whiskey glasses
175987416,TNB. Trust No *****. K I need to be less trusting. I open up and get friendly and am too nice to everyone. You’d think with my paranoia I was closed off but I like to believe the best in people. Screw that.
175987417,"_PERSON_, it sounds like to me you are doing fantastically well!! Yes, 23 years on this earth is quite a long time, says the 63 year old who has a father who just turned 99! Lol. You have a talent for writing and that is a valuable type of communication! Keep up the good work, _PERSON_. _PERSON_"
175987418,"I found this link by accident in my Facebook. I'm moderate bipolar with 2 broken neck injuries. I'm he ld together with some fusions and titanium solanger cable. C3-T1. I'm a law-studying fighter who suceeded. I'm not a faker, darn it. I may be grandiose or depressed but due to some bloody good meds I get by. I like to help others like me. Resources are optimal way to go. Alot out there for us... Like to say that a great DR goes a lonnngggg way"
175987419,"BB, I'm sorry for your loss... It's not your fault. Cats are pros at escaping, it could have happened to anyone. Could you save another cate at a local humane society when you feel up to it?"
175987420,I just can't seem to stay awake and it's frustrating
175987421,Good luck on your surgery @ 12AM and I hope your moms surgery goes well @ SP. I don't pray but I will anyways.
175987422,I might be annoying but I truly feel I cannot warn you all about Phenibut enough The withdrawal from this is particularly nasty. As always ... do your research!
175987423,That sounds fantastic!
175987424,Time to de-stress with some videogames
175987425,Now I don't know if Dr. Stone is talking about the same people or not. I'll have to read his book to hopefully find out. I could have waited but I wanted to say something.
175987426,Yeah I'm happy with it
175987427,"I have something to tell y’all. I do not think I will be going through with school anymore. I believe I will be giving it up indefinitely. Idk if it’s my meds or illness but I can’t do school for some reason. I understand the material but maybe it’s overwhelming for me or something idk, with the amount of work, idk. I seem to do excellent with my business and I am persistent with my business (my writing) but I can’t for the life of me do school. I had high hopes for this year with it but I can’t seem to grasp the amount of work and stuff like that that I need to do. I had put my business on the back burner this past month, even my writing for fun. But I am going back to it. Sorry I let u down guys"
175987428,For me it’s really important to enjoy my job otherwise I resist doing it.....
175987429,"Get well soon, _PERSON_. Hugs"
175987430,"Sorry _AT_MENTION_ Sometimes I just don't know what to say, but I read and try to give hugs or thanks. HUGS!!! _PERSON_"
175987431,Did a search for my name to locate an old thread and found this. So sorry I didn't reply. Embarrassing.
175987432,"Thanks I’m doing alright thanks, had a bumpy year but hopefully coming out the other side! How are you guys doing? I think I left in a ball of flames, so yeah sorry about that"
175987433,Packages
175987434,"Scrambled eggs, half an avocado and some black decaf coffee"
175987436,I seem to be lacking motivation after reading a bit. Why? I feel like I haven't done enough and I'm getting tired. Damn antipsychotics...
175987437,Lol a snickers bar is the way to go xD
174384675,"I used to have a severe problem with agitation (Like really severe) when I was 16. I know it's normal for teens to be angry but I was over the top which is why the stupid doctor gave me a bottle of 120 klonopin. Now I never get agitated. If any, very very little. Except two years ago at the end of my injection I went off at my sister and my mom and apparently had really bad pure obsessional OCD thoughts (The worst I've ever had). So it could be autism but the antipsychotic seems to have cured that. They use risperidone for agitation in autism. Other than that, I'm completely normal. I don't like that my therapist tries to coerce me into thinking I don't have schizophrenia because she's fascinated by aspergers. I don't have enough symptoms to be considered having that. It's PDD-NOS. I researched this and it says you can't be diagnosed with schizophrenia if you have autism - Only if you have PDD-NOS and have had hallucinations and such which I've had so it makes sense. It feels like I'm the only one 
that is making sense and my therapist is jumping to conclusions. They're just labels but specific labels that can cause harm if used incorrectly and thrown around carelessly because they determine the type of medication and treatment. Medication can be good but I know that antipsychotics can cause damage and it has to be a very very careful process. It's like I'm the only one that's being careful with this. I was never careful on the high dose Abilify because it made me extremely reckless and have zero insight to risk. Now I'm careful."
175987438,OK that’s good. I have a question though about the focus because I feel like that’s a major factor that’s bothering you. Did th focus issue start with the mania or the increase in Abilify? For me th Abilify so far as I can tell gives me adhd. Thus th fish oil which increases dopamine in the pfc helps with focus. It’s a weird balance but f I go lower on meds I can become psychotic so...
175987439,I went for a walk around the block as I walked out of the door I started crying. It's too much for me. Everything.
175987440,Sorry you're struggling childofchaos
175987441,Turkey sandwich and spinach salad
175987442,"Sorry to barge in late but, I've been wondering what you mean when you say you manipulate? Do you consider people pleasing manipulation?"
175987443,Tomorrow is the funeral
175987444,"I get voices like that sometimes, _PERSON_ hugs!!"
175987445,I feel so ****ing agitated I want to scream and punch a hole in the wall and also die. **** this
175987446,"The apartment complex dropped off for everyone at their door a large canister of ground coffee (whatever kind you wanted, regular or decaf) one of those giant M&M candy bars, and a jar of peanut butter, wasn't expecting that lol"
175987447,"I went to see my PDOC last night. I didn't have an appointment. He called me in the morning and asked me to come in. I went in at 6 and didn't get seen until 9. He was really running behind. A guy who had an appointment at 6 PM wasn't seen until 8 PM. He was pretty miffed--that guy, but stuff happens, especially in a PDOCS office. My PDOC is leaving as of 12/31/19 and going to a cash only practice. I asked him how much he was going to charge and he said, $200.00. I can do that for now, especially because I usually only see him every three months. I will still probably look around and interview PDOC's but I am not encouraged by the list the insurance gave me. I read some of the reviews online and was appalled. So I am relieved I have a plan to see my PDOC. He gave me some supplements he bought online for me and gave me three books. He talked a lot about hope which is good because being suicidal, I have not had a lot of hope lately. We talked about my religious leanings and what brings me hope and he 
talked about what brings him hope. It was good. He hugged me and stuff at the end. He talked about his wife and her struggles, which he has never really talked about his wife before, except to say, like oh she liked the Christmas card you gave us and stuff like that. I got a glimpse of the man behind the Dr. I feel good about being able to see him after the end of the year. I don't know if I will be able to see my therapist after the end of the year because the business is selling. Maybe I will find out more tomorrow when I go to see her. I saw my PDOC twice between seeing my T. And my PDOC didn't charge me for last night."
175987448,Chocolate pudding cup and some black coffee
175987449,"I took the next two days off of work. I just feel so unwell, emotionally. I had to let the General Manager know what was going on. He was good about it. He said he would keep it to himself and he said if I needed more time off to just let him know. That was kind."
175987450,Wow...all that sounds fantastic!
175987451,How’s your therapy go? _PERSON_
175987452,Do you have a Benadryl or benzo?
175987453,"Hello Maryland2020, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about coping with isolation. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=co... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental illness. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope th
is helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175987454,lol... in one days we almost had the place burn down twice AGAIN.. the same kid was playing with the candles and lighting them up and burning things with it. I think the 8 year old is gonna be a pyromaniac... Can't trust him alone...
175987455,put on my fan to get some air. all I could manage today
175987456,Hi all. Since my setback I have been taking .25 of Xanax once a day. So about three weeks total. Than I saw it is addictive and I should stop. I am freaking out now that I am going to have withdrawal. Help. Advice
175987457,I’m in a competition with my team on this Township game but I’m sleepy ? Can’t let the team down though
175987458,"Really tired, didn't get enough sleep. Took a couple early morning walks."
175987459,Yes that too. Working from home for many people may become a new thing. Or at least an option for many people going forward.
175987460,"I am feeling very sluggish today. I think it is because of the 10 mg olanzapine. It has also caused weight gain, which I dislike. I am also on Xanax XR, which might be responsible for some of the sluggishness as well. I wish I could find a good med combination. This is so frustrating because every time I go down on olanzapine, I have sort of a crisis. And every time we go back up on it, it seems like I feel extremely sluggish. Isn't there a middle ground?"
175987461,Are there any BPD support groups in general ?
175987462,"I get this way, too. I do prayer and deep breathing, as I cannot take Klonopin. It makes me depressed. Got any low-dose Seroquel hanging around?"
175987463,Zopiclone hypnosis is nothing like ambien Gonna take a walk around the block then sleep. I might be awake because of the caffeine from the codeines
175987464,I'm so worn out now
175987465,"Progress, I bought a lawn flamingo at the spring festival, built a scarecrow and everything is blooming"
175987466,I’m sorry everyone is struggling so much with sleep. That’s the worst and it’s no wonder that sleep deprivation is used as torture. I fall asleep okay enough now but I cannot stay asleep anymore. I wake up several times a night and then I’m up at around 6 usually. It sucks because then I’m tired in the late afternoon. I stopped Ambien because I don’t think that keeps you asleep. It was a life saver for years but thankfully I don’t usually have insomnia anymore.
175987467,Day 2 of metformin. No gastrointestinal issues today like I had yesterday
175987468,"Not today or yesterday. I prefer baths. When I feel yucky, have many scratches and bites, need to wash of irritants or am going to be close to someone I will get clean."
175987469,"I enjoy weapons as well. May I ask your age? I'm 30. I think your parents may be afraid of you, as well as for you, and that's why they're taking your weapons. You mentioned that when your mom took the straight pipe, you were desperate to get it back. Is that because you resented her taking your property, or because you feel scared without a weapon? It's difficult living with family of any kind, but especially parents. To them, you will always be their child even though you're an adult, and that means they think they have authority over you, especially since you're living with them (that's how my parents were). But you aren't a child, and if you're not a danger to yourself or others, then you should talk to them about it. Tell them how you feel when they take your things, and tell them why you want to keep them. Then ask them to respect your property. Be calm about it. If you're breaking things in their yard, they aren't going to trust you with weapons, for sure. So you have to stay calm and be rea
sonable. I wish you luck my friend. Don't feed your anger by reacting to it with violence. It's hard as hell, but if you practice just sitting, breathing, and not reacting to your angry thoughts and feelings, you will get better at controlling them."
175987470,Thanks. I will give it a try. Can't remember the last time I smiled with him. He's so boring. Pray I meet a happy person! _NAME_.
175987471,The program is in translation from English to Spanish. My ambition is to be a professional writer though.
175987472,Coffee....
175987473,"Dinner was that horrible chili. I couldn't eat any of it. I used to love it, but somehow here I hate it and tonight I couldn't touch it. It smelled revolting too. I have lots of Jif-to-go so I'll have one or two servings of that. There's a lot of tension here today. The nurses are terrible. Instead of putting my meds and water on my table, they hand them to me while I'm lying down, and need both hands free to sit up. These nurses are painfully dumb. The same ones night after night after night."
174384723,My Schizophrenic Life: The Road to Recovery From Mental Illness by _NAME_
175987474,Incubus - _NAME_
175987475,"Their are many components to overcoming mental illness. One thing that is important to your mental health is eating healthy. If you eat healthy, just knowing that you have a healthy diet can help you emotionally. Also, for me, I mostly stay away from drinking certain sodas that contain a lot of caffeine, although a healthy amount of caffeine does have some benefits. I used to have bad anxiety issues years ago. And I don't want those excessive anxieties to return. If I were currently drinking lots of sodas that have high amounts of caffeine in them (like I used to), I think their's a chance that I could start feeling very nervous again. That's the last thing I want! I do drink Mountain Dew soda once in a great while. But not on a regular basis. My mental health is so important to me, after all."
175987476,"i want to get myself a Nintendo Switch, does anyone have it? im curious if the console is too big to play by yourself. i know that theres the Lite version, but idk how i feel about that. i play Pokemon, Animal Crossing, Story of Seasons (3DS) Yakuza, Gravity Rush, Saint’s Row, Everybody’s Gone To The Rapture, Ni No Kuni, Final Fantasy (PS4 & PS3) :-)"
175987477,Was the food delicious?
175987478,"I was on Prozac years ago for about a year. Combined with other psychiatric medications, it kept me emotionally healthy for almost the full year. Unfortunately, I had to go off the Prozac because my issues with depression started to get worse again. UC, I hope your daughter finds Prozac to be helpful. And I hope it works a lot longer for her than it did for me."
175987479,"I was only on 400mg of Lithium but it gave me symptoms of toxicity already. My body can’t handle high doses. Small doses are enough to help me though, as long as they’re the right meds."
175987480,"JG, Anxiety is a liar, and will try and make us believe the worrisome/scary thoughts and feelings we have. Do your best to combat these with positive mantras. You may also benefit from going through some of the Therapy Worksheets from our Resources, to help stop the negative thoughts in their tracks. Keep posting so we can keep you in support! _PERSON_"
175987481,Some places have ukulele circles ...you might see if there’s one near you ?
174384718,"This all leaves me with an uncanny amount to think about; to sort, polish and/or rearrange some of my perspectives. ""It is dangerous to be right in matters where established men are wrong."" - _PERSON_, I think What a completely stupid and pointless game. Lucky are those, who can step out of the circle, if it's not too cold and abstract - although I do wonder what it would be like to have the talents of a magician type. Your? Very interesting, I’ve only been aware of the darker aspects of this in relation to childhood development. Do you think the abusive / manipulative double bind is only done intentionally? Or can it be unintentional? I'm very deeply disappointed that I've never gotten to come across this theory in relation to schizophrenic thinking before. I'm assuming focusing more on things like this would interfere with profiting off chemical lobotomies and use up resources (aka ""chaotic world in practice""). I had a brilliant psychiatrist when I was younger. I think he sometimes did thin
gs a bit along these lines in a good way. He had a large variety of academic and non-academic education - including also being a hypnotist, but I dont think he necessarily applied his techniques in the traditional ""sit still and willingly participate"" way. What's interesting and worrisome about this, is that I've seen the gorilla version and was anticipating the concept, yet I still missed it here. Dancing bears wouldn't be useless, they'd be very formidable, if not very dangerous. Furthermore, in the primate world at least, the ability to dance like that, ""no right or wrong,"" ""pure potential in act"" are all concepts governed by magician types. This makes me think of views and languages. Is the bear in danger or is it powerful. That's an explanation that actually makes some sense to me, as disgusting as it is. Words like right, righteous, empathy, values, morals, principles; all with such romanticized and idealized connotations, are really often little more than the ugliness of obedience and herd mental
ity dressed up in pretty costumes. It makes sense from an evolutionary perspective, but it's so disappointing and distasteful to use such contradictions - to me. Sometimes, I wonder if, at times, the ""bad guys"" are as idealistic as the ""good guys"" about what (little) is behind it all. Do you think some people renounce empathy and perspective taking because of their ability to see ""b""? ^ I'm thinking of my earlier mentioning of feeling like I enter a forced contract with some people just by socializing with them. My current theme is seeing things in different languages (or perhaps filters of my own). In my mind, this could also mean religion and superstition were as essential to evolution as conformity and ""empathy"" etc The psychiatrist I had, spoke of speaking in language of spirituality/religion vs speaking in the language of science to oftentimes describe the very same things. And then back as a teen, reading _NAME_ books where the man of knowledge spoke of ""looking"" and ""seeing"" being two very 
different things. ^ Synthesizing those concepts can sometimes make it easier for me to percieve the world in a less disappointing way, and normally it works, but this is a topic that's really been getting to me. I know it's the laws of nature, but the polar bear isn't in mutual symbiosis with the seal, is it? Does the ever seal benefit? I'm very excited to have a new avenue to check out in relation to this topic I'm a bit lost as to why that would mean it's linked to lower social status (although it's undeniable that social determinants of health play a huge role in things like the prevalence of mental disorders). Interesting because polar bears wouldn't do well in flocks anyways. Fascinating suggestions!! The other thing it makes me think is, the connotation of sloth is, again, just a magician's way of bypassing ""b"" It's better to just be crazy or blend in with your surroundings rather than be seen as a foriegn magician. I guess I should take my bright pink flamingo floaty off my to-do list then Pride. How 
to deal with pride and indignation when your intelligence and insights are insulted? ^ Is it a temperament thing? How do you stay quiet and stupid? I've never taken a perspective like that before, fascinating. 1) No, some monsters are warped Urges and Instincts - byproducts of dealing with the other monsters. Byproducts of when ""grooming failed"" or ""did not exist,"" when ""authority and customs failed"" so they're related to Mistrust but can be malignant to oneself and others. They can be harmful because they're often quiet and camouflaged. They may hide from oneself until something shameful or regrettable happens. 2) Mistrust and Trust aren't monsters, they're wholesome and healthy if authentic and taken care of properly. But, they're vulnerable pretty little Trinkets or China Dolls not to be left alone with monsters. On the other hand, sometimes the fragile little Trinkets are emotions too - like _PERSON_. For some people, Rage or Hatred can be monsters. Imagine leaving Mistrust alone and for Rage and Ha
tred to take it out to town unsupervised. Imagine the back alleyways they could find themselves in - and bystanders that only looked at them the wrong way. or how, in a man's body, Lust could be even worst given how much more rowdy it can be rather than Mistrust. 3) However, one's own monsters aren't the only ones that wait under the bed - especially in our society's obsession with spiritual bypass and pop-psychology that tells people to suppress anything that doesn't ""serve them"" and ""the power of positive thinking"" Smart monsters make their homes under those types of people's beds. Now, imagine Trust and _PERSON_ huddled together amongst the dust bunnies only separated from a monster by a light switch and the trinket owner's presence. • As for ""befriend mistrust"": - Admit Trust abandoned ship. Admit that you're happy you don't have to pretend to get along with Trust or like it anymore. - Get to know Mistrust and let it participate in all you do. Keep it in the open, honor it, consult it. Allow it to 
rest on your shoulder along with the Id/Devil and Super-Ego/Angel you should probably also ask Owl to sit on your shoulder too when you're in search of truth! • It's up in the air as to whether or not you'll succeed at befriending a monster under your bed that's not yours; however, befriending your own ""byproduct"" monsters (Mistrust's cousins) is essential. It is the authentic form of strength, perseverance, courage, and ""doing what's right"" I'm assuming greys translate to shrinks and such. -I'm trying to understand what green aliens would translate to? I can't say I'm up to date of life outside our ozone layer. And on another tangent, it hurts and insults my heart to know that innocent, misunderstood reptiles on Earth are associated with evil alien overlords. Lizards, alligators, (especially) snakes, etc are wonderful, straight-forward (if you know their nature), untainted beings. Those negative connotations are filters as far as I'm concerned. Evolutionary too, like spiders. It seems that primates hav
e abandoned their search for divine authority, settled for magician's puppets, and they're still absolute scum. You think humans have rights as opposed to a division of oppression vs privilege? Oppression that spills over to other animals as well. Perhaps I'm getting caught up in technicalities and terminology: reality yes, ideal no. I think, for some, there is some true idealism in both the Godly and humanism. I believe in both some authentic principles of humanism and Godly, but I can see how both could cause problems for some. Yet, both those terms, in reality, are nothing more than how the terms ""doing what's right"" and ""morals"" are, in actuality, meant as ""stick with the crowd"" and ""do what you're told."" It's 110% true humanism is, especially nowadays, used to to censor, and you can not question it because if you do, you're the oppressor. That's a double bind then, you say? Sweet Jesus, I hope hunting is for benign things like conversations. What a fantastic way of describing it here! I think of 
this particular area as a den of sorts. One of the more hidden ones. Speaking of which, I know there's snow, water, ice, seals, and the like, but are there caves where polar bears live? A primate going on foot through something like that? Do you honestly think many are capable of that in this day and age? I don't think brain types of roads are able to be repaired by others even if there are many to work on it. I'm in agreement with the roads can be fixed or navigated when needed though, and that was what I was trying to imply. Maybe I should speak for myself though: Navigating those types of bridges and paths are more of a talent or gift rather than something most primates can do (alone or with the cooperation of a team) – at least the ones I face. I was aware of brain shrinking, but I had no idea it could also recover. Again, information that I wish I'd been given instead of being taught partial truths. It wouldn't benefit the politics of pharmaceuticals though. The most I learned is that there's debate as 
to whether it's even the psychosis rather than the stress and cortisol release. When I say still a ""point in living,"" I mean ""it is to people to figure out why that is, and focus on that;"" however, it is not because of ""a desire to be here"" or ""liking existence"" it is about being ""bound to earth"" and killing time and ""improving"" existence by focusing and acting on ""why that is"" That's why I find _PERSON_ possible existence of Thanatos and Eros interesting. Doesn't appear to apply to everyone though, at least in a surface level. Do you know if _PERSON_ thought animals outside of humans had a death drive? I'm not sure if polar bears can particularly understand/believe in anything other than embracing being alive on this topic. Not quite. I never was able to die ""inside"" - not while my body lives - so I gave up on it a number of years ago and started, as we just mentioned, ""focusing on why that is."" Hoping for dead things (that were by then terribly decomposing in the parallel realm) were a res
ult of bereavement - as well as a personification of a few different enchanting times, circumstances and situations in my life that will never be recaptured. I kept hoping for them. I think other things in that realm have to do with monsters, but it's all too preconscious and subconscious, so I can't say much about it. I've learned that in order, to escape things like the flies, I need to focus on why I'm here (or why I may be here). That's where ""use it or lose it"" in regards to the mind applies to me. I've been recently learning about Aristotle. His ideas of the composition of the heavens and the earth are so beautiful (for the most part) to think about. I wish I knew when alchemy began in relation to when he existed (before or after etc) The video is foreboding and over my head. It leaves me with the thought, that the wrong things happen to the wrong people. It's people who try to make the existence of ""b"" disappear that should suffer. I resonate with letting the spirit of the bear guide you and it bei
ng an anchor and gravitating towards you. That is for me, ? Spiders ? - since I was very young. I suit them well although I didn't welcome them to begin with. They were, and still are, my friends when I was isolated and left with monsters. Luckily the monsters I was left with, were nicer than the ones who put me there. But that's something to be left to sleep rather than roused by forced remembrance and discussion. Yes, I've been drawn to the mineral, plant and animal kingdoms for almost as long as I can remember, but because I have some Indigenous friends who have suffered greatly at the hands of invasive primates (so lowly that they were worst than what's found in rotting flesh), I feel more comfortable trying to learn to speak in the language of Hermeticism. Although I can't say it does the relationship between self and nature justice. In case you're not familiar: http://www.kybalion.org/kybalion.php?chapter=VIII"
175987482,I haven't tried tropical sprite either.....never even heard of it til today!
175987483,"A new, once-a-month shot shows promise for the treatment of schizophrenia . The new drug is called paliperidone palmitate . It's an injectable form of the second-generation, or ""atypical,"" antipsychotic medication Invega . A study pitting injectable paliperidone palmitate against placebo was halted early because of its clear benefit in preventing relapses, says _NAME_, MD. _PERSON_ is a psychiatrist who led the study while at _NAME_ & _NAME_, which makes paliperidone palmitate and funded the work. The study involved more than 300 people with schizophrenia whose condition stabilized when they were given injectable paliperidone palmitate for six months. Then, half were randomly assigned to continue the drug and the other half to a placebo. http://www.webmd.com/schizophrenia/news/20080507/monthly-shot-treats-schizophrenia"
175987484,I ABSOLUTELY hate the first 3 days of that time of month. What a mess. Plus I feel like crapppppppppppp This is day 2
175987485,Hope you have fun _AT_MENTION_
175987486,"Well, off I go to hang out with my friend. Hopefully it goes well, we always have a good time. Haven't had any panic attacks today"
175987487,"Talked to my doctor on the phone yesterday. Kind of awkward but funny his kids kept making noise in the background. I’m not working from home yet, but it’s somewhere on the horizon. School starts tomorrow and I’m excited! It’s all online so only exams have been disrupted and I’m far off from that. I’ve had some issues with dissociating at work. Not too bad but it’s annoying. Trying to keep myself calm and focused."
175987488,"Try not to dwell on the past and try not to be so critical of yourself. We learn from our past mistakes. But we don't need to stay there. Try to just deal with the present day at hand. Stay mindful. You'll get the best results. Hang in there and stop beating yourself up. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987489,I love their aromatherapy lotions. Especially the eucalyptus spearmint one
175987490,21st day of the 21st year of the 21st century.
175987491,What does that mean…?
175987492,oatmeal w/ berries
175987493,"Hi everyone. How is everyone? My weekend was okay. I watched my nephew play football. His team lost, but he got two touchdowns. I was so proud of him. Yesterday my pro team lost. But the other team that I like won so that's good. I went to Church and there was a potluck. I talked to one friend for a little while. Tonight I go see my Pastor for a therapy appointment. I'm kind of worried about it. He's really into CBT and me, not so much. I worry I won't have anything to say and he'll think I'm resistant. I'm just not good at figuring out my thoughts, that's all. They are like far away from me. Because I feel numb. That numbness will really get to you. I feel like SH-ing so I can feel something. Because I'm just so numb. _PERSON_"
175987494,Beef flavored rice/vermicelli mix
175987495,I can’t get this to load properly but I saw you quoted _AT_MENTION_. I’m so sorry for fiancé’s and your loss.
175987496,That's good you haven't had panic attacks. Sometimes when you feel too good you get anxiety on whether something bad is going to happen soon or not. Depression and anxiety like to appear together.
175987497,Can’t wait for the ACNH Fall Update!!!
175987498,"Oooh! Treat yoself, girl!!!"
175987499,What goes up must come down...
175987500,For anyone interested in a support group please join me. I am live now. Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv
175987501,My sister said I shouldn’t worry about being 160lbs since I lost 100lbs
174384771,"Testimonies of Coordinated Stalking by Multiple Persons from California Residents and Former California Residents Testimonies of 90 persons include: • Results of reporting the crimes to law enforcement • Results from visits to mental health professionals • Net results on victim’s lives as a result of the crimes 1 Date: 7/17/19 Your Full Name: _PERSON_ City: San _NAME_ Zip Code: 94103 Please write a brief summary of your experience with coordinated stalking only: I'm systematically subjected to organized stalking, surveillance and harassment by people in my neighborhood and countless individuals whenever I leave my home. I am followed on the streets, to stores, parks, restaurants, public restrooms, doctor appointments, and every other place I go to. I was under surveillance and bullied at three different places of employment. I am also stalked by perpetrators in vehicles. Tracking appears to be accomplished with the help of devices the perpetrators carry in backpacks, by watching, and use of 
cell phones which they always have in hand and often point in my direction. When going places I looked up online or mentioned in a phone conversation, there will be people standing around that place when I arrive, all looking directly at me, with cellphones in hand. If I'm walking into a building, two to three of those waiting, will walk in with me. These perpetrators often make eye contact to let me know I'm being watched. I have constant interference with normal flow of daily life, making almost every task difficult or impossible. Perpetrators can access all of my online communication, bank and credit card statements, my online medical record, pharmacy prescriptions, cell phone texts, and listen to all conversations. I have frequent problems with electronics, internet, and cable. I cancelled my Facebook account because of online bullying. I've had break-ins with personal belongings misplaced or items planted. All of this causes me to feel acute stress. I was diagnosed with PTSD. Please describe your experie
nce if/when you reported the crimes to law enforcement. I didn't file a police report. Please describe your experience of being misdiagnosed by mental health professionals if applicable: I was misdiagnosed as being delusional, paranoid, bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder, and as being hypervigilant. Taking psychotropic medications hasn't made a difference. I continued to experience organized stalking. Being organized stalked at my job and outside of it, took it's toll on me and I was fired after missing too many days at work. I subsequently moved to Florida in 2011 to stay with my sister. I experienced some organized stalking while I was in Florida, as well. My organized stalking resumed when I moved back to San _NAME_, four months later Please briefly describe the resulting effects upon your life: Because of surveillance, coordinated stalking and electronic hacking, I don't go outside alone. I stayed indoors for two years, with the exception of doctor appointments. I've accumulated debt as a result o
f long-term unemployment, and have financial hardship. I feel I've completely lost my freedom and privacy. I don't have a normal social life and feel very isolated. https://www.ohchr.org/Documents/Issu...humankind4.pdf"
175987502,"I’ve been on pc for almost a decade. So long, that they are changing owners. Wow."
175987503,"Good morning. Woke up a few hours ago , at 5am. I slept good last night. Slept from around 9:30 till 5am without waking up. I finally took a shower last night. Just had breakfast and took my morning meds. Finished a book and started two more. Have a load of laundry going. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175987504,I amazed myself this morning. Sourcing warm bedding for our feral cats this winter motivated me to leave the house on a day off. I can't imagine doing it for any person. I was inspired by these.
174384785,"I'm glad the reduction in the dosage of the Abilify has been working for you so far, PT."
175987505,"Today was my first day back at work, and I feel like a zombie now. I forgot how much work takes out of me. Sucked the life right out. It's okay, tomorrow is Friday. I think After I'm done with this anthology, I might start a short auto biographical project."
175987506,I’m studying for my psych exam tomorrow. I have this week off work but it’s all full of studying and exams. I have another exam on Friday.
175987507,"I started taking Centrum Women’s Daily Multivitamins. Cleaned my bathroom, next up is kitchen. Then the dreaded vacuuming."
175987508,"_NAME_ said... It's good you stayed on your other meds while you went off of the Zyprexa. I predict you'd be in another world if you hadn't stayed on your other medicines. You said, ""I wasn't sleeping for days, and I was fearful. She said that is why she put me on Zyprexa."" As a bipolar who takes Lithium and Mirtazapine anti-depressant, I have trouble with sleep, also. But I don't want to keep taking more doctor medicines if I can help it. So I try natural health food tablets for sleep, and what works for me is Melatonin. I'm on 4, 1 mg. tablets of Melatonin from the health food store, and it gets me to sleep. Sometimes, if I'm not sleeping good, I'll take 5. (I would start off with 1 or 2 of the 1 mg., and see how it goes.) Sometimes if I'm waking up at 3 or 4 in the morning and I've only had a few hours sleep, and I haven't been sleeping well, I can take one more Melatonin, because I'm thinking, the pills I took at 11 or 12 midnight, are wearing off. So by taking that extra Melatonin at about 3 
or 4 a.m., it'll be kicking in at about 5 a.m., whereas the other meds will be wearing off. Also, I take the Melatonin about 1 hour before I go to bed, and at bedtime, I'm groggy, which is what I want. Someone on this forum said it can be taken 2-4 hours before bedtime, but I also don't want that to be wearing off at 3 or 4 in the a.m. So you might consider that, before running to the psychiatrist and she loads you up with some more doctor medicine. In addition to the Melatonin, I've also been taking my Mirtazapine anti-depressant one hour before bedtime. Mirtazapine causes muscle twitching and hunger. If I took it right when I went to bed, about an hour later, for about 5 years, my toes would start twitching (muscle spasms) and I would become so hungry I would have to get up and eat down the house. It was the side effects of the Mirtazapine. So, after 5 years of that, I decided, why not take the Mirtazapine an hour before bedtime, also, along with the Melatonin, so the side affects occur before I get into be
d, not keep me awake an hour later? I just alert you to this in case you're having side affects of one or more of your medicines that you're taking at bedtime. Thank you for the tip about Melatonin. You don't need a prescription for that, do you? As I mentioned, I've been taking 250 mg of Doxepin for sleep because over 20 something years ago I didn't sleep for over 6-7 days and I ended up in the psychiatric hospital, and the doctor gave me some Doxepin to knock me out."
175987509,"Hi _PERSON_, I am not a therapist but I am in graduate school to become one. I am sorry you are dealing with all of these challenges in your life. I did not see a specific question. I am happy to chat with anything you want to talk about. You don't know what to do about which happening in your life? I do want to say in all of that is going on you are graduating! Congratulations! Also, you are reaching out even though it seems nothing has improved the situation thus far. It is great to keep searching for the answers that will help. It took me a long time to find my way. Stay well and be safe."
175987510,It's actually ok. I just cant drink more than a half a cup of coffee.
175987511,"Really didnt want to, but dropped a couple hundred on vape stuff. _PERSON_ wants to quit smoking, again, and we only have 1 semi-working vape. No coils, no juice. Etc. So I spent some. Ugh. Hopefully he actually quits. That's 200 that couldve been put toward the apt..."
175987512,Hope the med change helps
175987513,So far I’ve -had a healthy breakfast -Taken my morning multivitamin -Listened to music Later I’ll -brush my teeth -shower/blow dry my hair and use heat protectant spray on it -put on perfume -use aromatherapy lotion -take my night multivitamin -Clean my kitchen (I consider this self care because I feel better mentally when things are clean)
175987514,"They didn't give you anything for pain? That would stink. I am sorry. Can you call your doctor and ask for something? Remember to breathe. In through the nose and out through the mouth. Controlled breathing helps bring anxiety down. If the doctor wont give you anything, ask about CBD oil. It is supposed to help with pain and I think anxiety. I am sorry for what you are going though. I would talk this over with the doctor though. They might recommend tylenol or asprin. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987515,Meditation helps with sleep
175987516,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTevoLkcFdI
175987517,Does anyone have Disney plus...how is it?
175987518,Nope but maybe tonight.
175987519,"I need to do laundry but I don't feel like carrying my clothes all the way to the laundromat and back in this heat, next week is supposed to be a lot cooler"
175987520,You didn't! It's ok.
175987521,"The ""New Normal"" is so unpredictable. We don't know what to expect and there is so much that isn't in our control. I think that is a lot of the reason that it is so scary. We don't know if we will see people that we care about again because of the fear of them or ourselves getting sick. I guess that means we need to make the most out of things. Spend time with the ones we love as much as we are able. Appreciate even the smallest things. Because we don't know what awaits us the next day. We had a hail storm this morning and it was so loud that I thought we were going to get a tornado. And it lasted a real long time. In fact there is still some hail in a spot in my yard that doesn't get sun. And that is from about 7:00 this morning. But it really scared me to think it could be been something so much more devastating. I was so happy just knowing everything was okay when it was over with. I am thinking how I have to appreciate things more. Take the time to smell the roses as they say. Having to worry 
about what is going to happen takes so much energy out of us. I think coming here and getting validation is so healing. I hate that we all have to deal with anxiety, but so happy we have each other. We all have to keep on keeping on and continue being there for each other. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987522,"oh i have that fear too. i distrust most car repair places, usually afraid they are going to rip me off. but as far as breakdown, i decided with this car i was going to have routine maintenance and not just wait for something to go wrong."
175987523,I got invited to clubhouse lol
175987524,"I feel like there's two types of thought broadcasting.. psychotic ones and dissociative ones.. The dissociative ones are the most uncomfortable... So, rule of note: If you feel that the thought broadcasting is extremely uncomfortable.. it could be dissociative ones.. idk if you've ever had dissociation.. But yeah messages in music can be uncomfortable but sometimes not (When it is PRONOIA) .. Where they are good messages like grandeurish delusion ones about saving the world.. But being about God can be good, or bad ones like once for me, someone who sexually harassed me speaking in music from the dead.. that's not good.. So it all just depends on how you look at it.. To analyse the thoughts is the best.. Be really really intuitive and logical - That is the only hope.. *The more you know*"
175987525,I’ll try but this one is probably not going to be beautiful with just green and white.....
175987526,"_PERSON_ asked me last night if I wanted to move to Puerto Rico, as we were watching _NAME_ rogan talk to the host of MadMoney, because apparently Puerto Rico you don’t have to pay federal taxes."
175141810,I plan on working with my primary care dr (when she gets over covid). She has been sick earlier this year with some sort of infection which lowered her immune system. Now she has covid and honestly I am so worried for her. She is not doing well at the moment and her nurse(my friend) said she is having a hard time breathing). When I get my covid vaccine then I will try to find a good Psychiatrist and go from there. I am not too fond of the tele-med way of doing things. I have been forced to have tele-med visits from some of my other drs and I just don't like talking this way. Too impersonal I guess. I find reading my Bible helps me see the truth of how my life will unfold. Not to break and forum rules with religion but I will just say I am a Christian person. I enjoy prayer and praying for others. After reading so many other messages here I see we are all pretty much in the same boat. My heart goes out to each and everyone of you. Anxiety just ties my stomach up in knots and gives me the worst headac
hes. Bless you all.
175987527,I only go in there for essentials. But I always worry about catching it when I go even though I am wearing a mask
175987528,Good night _AT_MENTION_
175987529,Our grilling adventure is delayed due to rain...it was just supposed to rain in the morning but it’s raining much later. Ordered my groceries for the week from aldi this time.....they had a spicy pimento cheese....I’m excited...other than that im making a basil mozzarella tomato sandwich I saw on pioneer woman this morning....
175987530,"My mother enjoyed the pedicure we got her yesterday. She went without arguing about it, no drama, and she sat back and rested throughout. Afterwards, my sister and I hung out at my folk's place for dinner then we watched a couple of episodes of the second season of American Gods. I ordered a set of yoga DVDs from Amazon and will be spending most of today perusing them. Of course, I did do one of the workouts, humbling because I chose the easiest one and it made me sweat. :P They recommend you watch a workout before you do them, so I'll be checking them all out today--there's 6 DVDs in the set (for $25) and they are geared for beginners and/or people who need things to go slowly and that's me. So far, I've done a yoga workout every day this week and it's really combating the Zyprexa drowsies I've been having."
175987531,Oh no adddictionnnn
175987532,My sister is stopping by with my money tomorrow and probably my game too since that should be delivered today at her house
175987533,"It sounds like you need Cogentin asap to relieve your akathisia. It works very fast, like the next day. I think it's caused when meds block dopamine, so you have to take Cogentin, which is a Parkinson's drug that helps with it. I take it not that I'm on Seroquel. I know it's torture."
175987534,Year of Wonders: A Novel of the Plague by _NAME_
175987535,Different by _NAME_ ??
175987536,Reminder to visit your good friend the self care box ??
175987537,I told my boss that I feel like a ninja because of the face mask He says he does too and we had a laugh!
175987538,"I'm dying for housekeeping to come here. Apparently, I don't have the virus after all! They came and took another test today. The nurse said there are people here who have it. And my roommate has been sick with something, but I'm not infected (yet). I don't know why everyone thought I had it. It's like The Twilight Zone."
175987539,I was sick last night and threw up and it must have taken my Latuda with it I just feel so off today. Messages in music are messing with me. I want to write everything down. Trying not to think about it and stop myself. Sigh.
175987540,Sometimes i freak out when i take a new med or especially supplements because I don’t trust them as much then once I’m calm I feel like nothing at all.
175987541,They are overloaded…
175987542,"So, I might be pregnant. But theres most likely a chance I may not be too. Like its probably that I'm not. And just knowing that I'm probably not, it's like theres this deep hole inside of me. Idk how to explain it. I just feel idk. I'm sad and crying a bit, just a bit of tears falling down, but I just feel like theres a huge hole inside of me."
175987543,"I’m on meds for life too, a lot of us are."
175987544,"How is it that I despise my mom even tho she gives me money and stuff, but my dad doesnt give me much like in terms of money or even materials, but I love him to death?"
175987545,Tough week for me too. Going on 9 months of every-day anxiety. Getting very tired of it. Anyone heard from Scaredy Cat? Looks like she’s been away for a while.
175987546,OMG a that’s terrible.....so sorry for your loss
175987547,I'm gonna phone my therapist to connect with my psychiatrist so I can go back to the hospital for her to treat me - But in the none acute ward.
175987548,"Honestly, I’ve been watching a lot of Netflix to distract myself and playing board games with my family. It can be hard to focus on anything but that’s what helps me a little is trying to distract myself in some way with something that doesn’t require too much thought like tv, reading, video games."
175987549,As far as I can tell you’re still added....you should just be able to login and see it.
175987550,Oy that doesn’t sound like fun at all. At least with my exams one is multiple choice and the other I have to write an analysis or a summary of some articles.
175987551,Everything happened at the same time as nothing
175987552,"That's exactly how I got when I was young, with the most horrendous anxiety of my life. I hope they'll help you get rid of it."
175987553,Lil _NAME_ zebra cake and coffee
175987554,"_PERSON_, I hope that your trip is going better than you could have imagined! You received great advice above from _PERSON_, so remember that in the event you do run into a challenge...you will have your coping skills to draw upon. But hopefully and likely you will be to engaged in having a great time with your family to be bothered by anxiety while you're away! Check in when you can. _PERSON_"
175987555,I don't judge those with substance abuse because I grew up with uncles who were junkies. Both alcohol and other drugs. No one goes and does it to become a junkster. They do it to escape life. A year and a half ago I lost my uncle. He spent 10 years in prison for robbing a drug store out in West _NAME_. Towards the end of his life his PKD was painful and took heavy duty pain pills. He smoked pot and that was about it at that time. He mainly stay cleaned legally.
175987556,Praying the rosary seems to help me fall asleep
175987557,"Hello healthpaya, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share your experience with our community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175987558,Curious what medication you are on.....proper dosage of the right medication usual lessens times like this. I find that being with others helps me to engage and talk things out versus internalizing. Even just going to the mall and looking at merchandise can help. But stewing by yourself draws out time in my opinion.
175987559,Drinking Coca-Cola
175987560,Hey there fancy pants It's so weird to me that I haven't seen my therapist in person in 1 year now. Just phone calls since covid started . And then to think that I am going on 11 years of working with him in therapy. Where does the time go
175987561,I feel lonely/isolated.
175987562,Same here
175987563,Having lunch with my friend tomorrow
175987564,Watch out while feeling constipated. I would take a stool softener if it gets too bad. My stepmom almost died because she didn't go in days and everything kinda clogged up.
175987565,_PERSON_ came home and went immediately into bed. He’s very depressed and he misses his dad he says. Hes crying a bit. He’s very stressed out too. I talked to him a bit and I’m letting him rest. He says he not tired tho. Making food for us even tho he isn’t hungry. At least I got my dose lowered so I can start helping around the house... I knew something wasn’t right.
175987566,Didn't shower but shaved my legs Ate an apple
175987567,"I looked up inherited chest pain on the net and one had a list of medicines that might help with that. I found that a heating pad can help me with chest problems, but if they get too severe I have to take some medicine, ativan. As long as you're taking some anti-anxiety meds (Klonopin and Mirtazipine for anxiety), I think that should be a big help. You mentioned the chest pain, that sounds rough, mine is also. I often apply a heating pad when I'm having chest pain? It expands the blood vessels and doesn't make the heart work as much. I found that moistening an insert or a kitchen type towel, helps even more that just a heating pad by itself. A warm shower or bath also helps with blood pressure, I've read. Can you cut back on your salt intake to help out with the blood pressure? Fresh food (chicken, pork chops, hamburger (although turkey is better for you than hamburger which is a red meat can can cause problems I've read, or at lease space between servings). Canned food is the worst with salt, beef 
stew has about 1,000 mg. of salt and with high blood pressure, it says all you need a day is 1,500 mg. So you really have to watch canned food. Frozen veggies are much lower in salt than canned, but frozen dinners can be high in salt. So watching your slat can be a big help. Again, fresh food and frozen veggies can be a big help. I also eat fresh, small, round potatoes, boiling them, rather than frozen french fries are much better for you, because they have no salt and are not a processed food. Sugar is probably also not a good thing. Do you have a positive attitude that you can get through some of this?"
174384886,"The clozapine dose can go higher, but also my doctor talked to me about maybe adding something like abilify to clozapine because of a study he saw. Worth thinking about IMO"
175987568,I've been playing Graveyard Keeper lately Got my Pokeball plus out to take on a walk with me tomorrow
175987569,"Maybe I am wrong, but I think that there are some things that are right objectively: I mean that I am not always ""agnostic to the idea"". When I see someone that mistakes / misunderstands something, I am sorry for him, and sometimes for the message that he's giving to others; then I try to let him understand that he is wrong. It's never coercion, and I agree with you that if it's coercion it's done for ourselves. But if you know and see that someone is wrong, don't you try to talk with him? (If he isn't totally crazy, sure). I often think, feel and experience differently from you, but I appreciate our dialogue because you respond reflecting objectively. We all have our “blind corners”, but very few people listen to you, when you indicate their blind corners. It's a great quality. Mostly I stopped to show people what they do not see about themselves: it used to create a lot of problems with most people, even though I did it with a lot of tact. I do not pretend that I haven't blind corners, or n
ot to struggle with people showing them. But it depends on how it's done. If I trust the person, and if she isn't threatening, I don't avoid introspection. *On a side note, my post was indirectly about some “dialogue” that I had about psychopathy last days (not on this forum). My position was “do not demonize people too much, everyone deserves a chance” and also “yes it's true, that personality has all these bad traits, but it has some qualities too”. “Dialogue” in quotes: the first interlocutor ignored me, and the second one answered me the first time only, and didn't answer anymore when I put him on the corner with a further question. These two people are playing the teacher's role, but they avoid dialogue. I find it's coward, or hypocritical. And I wasn't challenging, I was very quiet! I can be wrong, but if I am wrong, then explain."
175987570,I bet you can see my neighbours outdoor Christmas lights from the iss.
175987571,"YouTube Above and Beyond - ""Peace of Mind"" I lost all my riches The diamonds in the mind It turns out that this was the best thing to ever happen to me Errors and glitches What a way to find That such hurt could bring you greater peace of mind Bring me peace of mind Bring me peace of mind If you’ve ever lost every part of yourself If you’ve left your heart on a lonely avenue It will be only a matter of time Before your life comes through for you If you’ve ever lost every part of yourself If you’ve left your heart on a lonely avenue It will be only a matter of time Before your life comes through for you If you’ve ever lost every part of yourself If you’ve left your heart on a lonely avenue It will be only a matter of time Before your life comes through for you If you’ve ever lost every part of yourself If you’ve left your heart on a lonely avenue It will be only a matter of time Before your life comes through for you"
175987572,"Thanks for that Although I have never seen her perform ( even though she regularly performed in a city close to where I lived some years ago) ... and she is not on my music list, I was thinking about her recently. Quite the coincidence that you should post this."
175987573,The cartilage (connective tissue) around the ribs can become inflamed (Costochondritis) and take some time to heal. Rest and no lifting is the recommended treatment. S.C.
175987574,No I don't have an xbox. The reason I stick with pc games is because the mouse and keyboard is like second nature for me.
175987575,"Orange is the New Black, the final season is out. It's pretty fun so far."
175987576,"Just finished 'Better call _NAME_'. It took a few years to commit to it and 2 seasons to get into it but it just got better and better with each season. One of my favourite onscreen romantic relationships ever is that of _PERSON_ and _NAME_). I especially LOVED the scene where they were impersonating her boss _NAME_. Look forward to a final season. Currently watching the Danish tv series Dicte. Not sure I can tolerate it. The translation for subtitles is so bad, it is almost insufferable. And yet I persist..."
175987577,How long on that dose before you seen a reduction in your anxiety??
175987578,I'm excited to buy cases and stuff for it
175987579,"You have Bipolar too...? I see...glad you're managing it well...kudos to you, my friend. Latest UPDATE: The police informed me that they found her, deemed her safe and released her. She refused to see me. I was flabbergasted again. This was, in spite them knowing that she's Bipolar and unstable. They just wanted to wash their hands off this matter quickly. IMH crisis hotline said they were so sorry to hear about this. Asked me to wait and take care. I feel like a man bound for the gallows. Want to help my wife so much but can't. Feel like some part of me has been cut off and I can't stop bleeding. I want my wife back... : _ _ _ /"
175987580,an apple
175987581,"I have an appointment with my therapist Friday. Will be nice to talk to her. It will be over the phone but after that our meetings go back to in-person, same with doctor. I weigh 158 lbs now, down from 161 , it’s a start"
175987582,Yea true. I'm so swamped tho. Also I'm tired and I would like to just sleep.
175987583,I never got into the Sims games... Never saw the appeal of them.
175987584,"Its one of the schizoid dilemmas, you are nothing and noone, so you act or feel like you can be everyone. That works well until you start realizing that by being everyone you loose out on actually being someone. So from my experience (I'm also diagnosed SPD), it's not exactly hard being a imagined million things, it's hard becoming a real few."
175987585,GameStop is having a huge sale starting tomorrow: https://gamestop.a.bigcontent.io/v1/static/OLFSI_040520 Might want to have a peek. _USER_ID_: For those who are not aware... here are all the eShop games on sale right now: ?? US ?? Current Nintendo Switch eShop deals : nintendeals
175987586,"My trick is to have one day in the week as designated cleaning day, and just go to town on it, every other day I relax, no cleaning."
174384910,"Being an INFP, I did the test again but manipulated it to what someone would be if they were able to focus and had discipline and got INFJ. But I could be wrong in explaining this. (The J and P function is what I mean). I know what it is I just can't explain it. I associated it with ""current negative symptoms"" (Not the ones that got better cuz those were really bad like anhedonia, etc which you currently have). Give me your judging function.. Although I like the prospecting one.. idk.. If I wanted to bad enough, I'd change.. Idk.."
175987587,Happy birthday _PERSON_
175987588,"Better be eating fish, oysters, beans, nuts, whole grains, leafy vegetables and fortified dairy products then for vitamin B-12, folic acid, vitamin D3 and tyrosine"
175987589,"Organized the drawer on my nightstand, it was such a mess before. It looks much better now, so does the cabinet underneath. I'm going to start trying to eat vegetables at every meal, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't eat enough of them"
175987590,I want to download soduku
175987591,"I set up the intensive outpatient program. So I don't know when it meets yet, but they are going to call me back with the details and stuff. I think it will help me. They are talking to my therapist now I think."
175987592,Oh lol. I thought I'd read it wrong.
175987593,Have you tried a meditation app? I use the Smiling Mind app sometimes and does help me out when I'm feeling especially anxious. I'm sorry you're having such a hard time right now. Just know you're not alone.
175987594,Not at all anymore. I blame a lot of so called medicine for those side effects. Ironically the Pdocs reaction was to add more meds.
174384917,I'm here again. I am doing fine.
175987595,"It's official, my doctor is calling in ambien for me. I suggested Lunesta and she shot that down real quick. I'll still be on the restoril too. I probably won't be able to pick it up until Saturday because long work hours this week."
175987596,"Be kind to yourself Bad days will happen and it is ok to let yourself feel down and unmotivated. At the same time as hard as it may be voice one thing that makes you smile, and say it aloud so you can hear it. And just like that you have done the hardest thing......took the first step “ our soul is not a lightbulb but rather a tree When it burns out we can not replace it but we can nourish it with kindness “ Sincerely Stillholding"
175987597,lucky me doesn't need to do blood every week.. Just by every 2 weeks now.
175987598,"That is awesome _NAME_ and I am glad that it is continuing to work for you. I remember when you started it and said you thought it was already helping. Good Deal!!! I am going to look for it, read up on it. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987599,I hope thing get better for you and you can see a new doctor/case manager
175987600,"I spent a dozen years with a beautiful woman who struggled . You may d/m me if you wish, I would gladly share. May your journey grant you your wishes!"
175987601,"Hey _NAME_ thanks for starting this discussion. I might have to watch The Double. I haven’t seen many movies on mental illness but I do really like The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Mental illness is just one of the themes, and it doesn’t ever say what the main character’s diagnosis is (maybe that makes it relatable to more people) but it’s just a beautifully done movie. The book is written toward teens, but I enjoyed reading it too."
175987602,"I'm trying to think as I type. - how about your local coffee shop? You can sit, sip your coffee and look around. Your not obligated to talk with anyone. - maybe a church group Sorry, my brain just went blank. I hate brain fog! Hope you find what you're looking for."
175987603,Some of them.
175987604,Oatmeal w/ banana slices and almond milk
175987605,Are you feeling any better today?
175987606,"At the end of the day, it is a relationship world and being someplace solid does kinda increase the chances of interacting with someone who can help you. But talent almost always is discovered in the US. Least, it seems that way usually."
175987607,"You say, ""Every night, even if i elevate my head, i feel a discomfort, a weight in my chest/belly, even if i do stretching, yoga, eat well.."" I have chest discomfort, also, and find that a heating pad helps that. It enlarges the blood vessels and rushes more oxygen and nutrients to the injured area. Do you have a heating pad? I keep mine plugged into the wall by my bed. When I was about 28, I was out of a job, away from people, in my apartment by myself and was getting in such by shape nerve-wise, I knew I should see a psychiatrist. I was the youngest child and never had learned to solve my own problems, always counting on my older siblings and my parents. But now here I was living by myself and having big problems and I didn't know what to do. I knew what to do, but I couldn't do it. My negativity was coming home to roost. It got worse and I finally got to a psychiatrist. Turned out I was bipolar. Turned out my mother's mother was bipolar, so I inherited that, because it can skip a generation (m
y mother didn't have it). In my mother's mother time, 1930's, 40's, they didn't have any medicines for emotional problems, and she spent some years in a state mental hospital 100 miles from home. Today, and for the last 50 years and more, they have many very effective medicines. So I've seen, or heard about, a lot of change. As a bipolar, I'm on Lithium for my mania and Mirtazapine for my depression. And it has been really helpful for the past many years. Have you ever considered going to a psychiatrist?"
175987608,"People smoke weed to help their ADHD.. I wish I could do that. I met two people (Crazzzy bad ADHD) and they smoke weed to focus. Weed makes me dysphoric and anhedonic. Idk if someone with adhd can watch a movie (At home) and finish it. I can't. I never can. Stimulants don't really help. Without them, I'm too tired to have adhd though. And I think it's something worse than adhd.. something to do with the antipsychotic.. so i need to lower... Ok I'll stop writing and calm cuz I'm being annoying."
175987609,Hey! I was just thinking about you yesterday. I miss you.
175987610,"If you’re committing to Apple, you just get the Mac. I have a windows MSI gaming laptop it works great."
175987611,"For Lithium Orotate, drugs.com says: ""Over-the-counter lithium orotate is promoted as a health supplement for use as a low-dose source of lithium; however, very limited clinical evidence exists to support use. Non-controlled studies have examined the use of low-dose lithium orotate in the treatment of alcoholism, migraines, and depression associated with bipolar disorder."" You said, "" I researched it for my mom and apparently meds are blocking a major neurotransmitter in the brain called ""glutamate"". Lithium naturally regulates it."" I got away from medicine for awhile through a series of foul ups by doctor and myself, and I tried the natural health food route and I knew from the start it wasn't working. I even got back as far as ""_PERSON_ Root,"" which threw my mother into a tizzy when my wife told her what I was trying, asking. ""He's taking ""What!!!!"" my wife said she responded at the news. Yeah, I even went to a root doctor. It was getting bad. If I had been thinking positively, I could 
have just taken 1/2 or less of the Lithium pill to see if it was going to kill me, and if it didn't, take the other half an hour or more later, whenever I choose. But, oh, no, I couldn't do that. When I finally did get back to regular medicine, to Lithium and my anti-depressant, everything was OK. You say: """"All I know is instead of all of the nasty side effects and feeling like a zombie, this may actually be helping people feel like normal humans. I just wanted to share because my mom's bipolar affected my family's life in a terrible way and if we had known about this I can only imagine how different our lives would've been."" I take Lithium and I know it slows me down, which is what I need with mania, but it doesn't bother me to the point where it has more negatives than positives. It does have some negatives, but being in a manic state does also. Did you mother have problems taking the Lithium, or was she not taking it and having problems?"
175987612,"I'd like to be happy as well... But this is my life. Alcohol helps me relieve, but I do no recommend that lol it's a slippery slope."
175987613,At least I'm gonna have a job again so I don't feel as bad for doing this. It's ok to do this after doing attempted entrepreneur things for months right? Like why can't society give me a break. I'm never judging anyone for playing video games ever again.
175987614,I literally just finished getting my fillings done at the dentist in the past month and now a tooth is hurting. Maybe they missed something. I guess I'll have to set up an appointment
175987615,"Yes, blood like the brain blood barrier, heartbeats, big veins.. but it's ok, I don't want to be a pain. I have to deal with it anyway, with my friend thinking he's going to have a heart attack, and my giant blue hand veins. It's just part of getting older apparently."
175987616,"Can you make yourself a hot chocolate or buy one on the way there, and maybe listen to some upbeat music, Christmas music maybe while you work"
175987617,It’s like I barely eat anymore. I don’t find myself thinking about food all the time either. I feel fine tho. I eat 2 or 3 small meals a day and no snacking. Wow. That’s a big deal for me.
175987618,"Sounds like a nice day you had I have a stress relief yoga DVD I've been using, many of the poses I can't do yet though"
175987619,Do you mean deliberately? No one would want to do that.
175987620,"Hello _PERSON_: I'm sorry I don't think there is anything I can offer with regard to your post. However I noticed this is your first post here on PC. So... welcome to Psych Central. You mentioned you've been taking Vraylar for about a week. So one additional forum, here on PC, that may be of interest to you would be the psychiatric medications forum. Here's a link: https://psychcentralforums.com/psychiatric-medications/ I hope you find PC to be of benefit."
175987621,No I didn't take one today. I felt like crap all day and just stayed in bed. I'll take one in the morning tomorrow before group
175987622,Us people on this forum has had one hell of a ride in hell. That's why we're all so nice to each other..
175987623,"My new sheets came, they're purple and super soft, the comforter will be here tomorrow"
175987624,"How do you know what I've been through? No my comments were meant to keep the person from taking their own life. I have dealt with anxiety and depression my entire life. I'm new to this site and so far based on me trying to be supportive and receiving judgement and disrespect on my comments I'm not very impressed. I'm here for myself and my teenage daughter. To get support, learn how to support someone who was in so much pain she attempted to take her life. Thank god she didn't. So you go ahead and tell him to kill himself. This is why i never stay on forum based support sites. I gravitate towards support groups that are mediated. People seem to show more respect when it's in person and led by someone."
175987625,"Sorry to hear about your son. I can't imagine how you deal with the loss every day.. it must be very difficult. Most people in my experience don't understand severe mental illness, you probably did the right thing. If you are lucky enough to find someone who understands they generally have to get to know you first, and even then when you tell them they won't see past the diagnosis. Being alone is not so bad. I feel it might be more helpful to work on why you don't want to be alone, and look at the positives in it. Am not saying you won't meet someone, but looking for it usually means it doesn't happen, it happens when you don't expect it anyway, if it does. I am single for life now and although I don't like being alone there is not alternative with the issues I have. But I can go where I want and do what I want, and visit who I want when I want. That of course is just my view, but I think coming to terms with living and being alone is perhaps the best thing to do, whether you meet someone or not. I
t will also raise your own standards and not put up with any **** from anyone who is interested. Best of luck with it all. Hugs. xx"
175987626,Selene is wanting my attention while I browse the web.
175987627,They closed down the gym I go to. I wasn’t going anyway. More places closing in the mall so it’ll probably be shut soon. Some restaurants are going pick up or delivery only. At work they’re encouraging ‘social distancing’ but haven’t told us to go home yet. I don’t think it’ll be long really. Maybe end of the week wouldn’t be surprised. Otherwise I just got to go do a blood test and EKG after work. Not planning on going anywhere else just work and home. Good thing I’m all up on my meds and refills because my doctor just came back from out of country and I think he has to self quarantine for two weeks. Hopefully my next appointment at the end of the month won’t be cancelled. I like checking in with him and we were going to adjust my lexapro. God I hope my psychologist doesn’t cancel next week.
175987629,"""Freedom"" is a word injected into the minds of americans by the illuminati (jk but idk)"
175987630,"No, it keeps coming and going. I think it might be linked to the cinnamon vape juice I've been using. My stomach got upset this morning after the morning vape. I slowed down my vaping during the afternoon break and my stomach didn't get that bad, and the headache wasn't as bad today. I have to ask for more flavors soon."
175987631,Therapy doesn’t work too well for delusions have you ever tried an antipsychotic just to see if your perception changed? If they truly aren’t delusions you need to goto the police not a therapist.
175987632,"We in Australia, (bar some duel citizens) do not celebrate it, however a similar practice would indeed be a good thing. Happy thx. HT"
175987633,That used to be my fave but now I like maple brown sugar better....
175987634,"Solar powered? I didn’t know that was a thing, I need to get with the program aka the 21st century ... lol."
175987635,"Bik31, I'm sorry that your brother passed away from a brain tumor. But be positive. I hope your doctor's visit will go well for you."
175987636,Yep lamictal can be...esp with johnsons rash which shows up early. HT
175987637,"Hi maddixone, I haven't taken Vistaril. But I have heard that the inhalers can increase your heart rate. My first husband had copd and used an inhaler and a nebulizer. It was like it gave him energy. I always wondered if there was ephedrine in the stuff he used. I just wanted to say I hope that you feel better soon and like _USER_ID_ said maybe talk to the doc about another medication that hopefully wont give you anxiety to take. Have a good day... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987638,"I got it at the bakery in a local grocery store, they have all kinds of pieces of cakes and pastries they've made boxed up in plastic in front of you want to grab something to buy. They have so much good stuff"
175987639,Syringes for _NAME_ insulin and lunch at El Pollo Loco. And paid for my doctor appointment.
175987640,"ah that sucks, everybody quits eventually when they try to talk to a rock, thats my expirience and it sucks that this is the only way i can do at this moment"
175987641,"I'd say maybe 70% of the time it's fine and good. 30% of the time it opens up my senses so much that I feel like someone is scraping the inside of my head gently with a scalpel. the sun beats down so harsh on the cracked, faded gray concrete that i find it hard to breath. like i need to hide in the shade beneath my car, my eyes squeezed shut, my fingers pressed into my ears. oversensitive."
175987642,I always feel like showering is a chore so I spend at least amount of time in there as possible.
175987643,This is a fact.
175987644,"Come here one day. The big cities suck but we have many beautiful beaches, forests, lakes, temples. We’re rich in cultures as well. The food is awesome. Some tribes are still holding on ancient traditions which is cool to experience. Exotic psychedelic herb got me laugh haha."
175987645,I felt restless all day I get it. If you wanted to talk you can vent on here. That’s what I’ve been doing lmao.
175987646,Hope everything goes okay today _AT_MENTION_ HUGS Kit
175987647,"I’m gonna take a break from the internet for a couple months, with the exception of using Netflix/YouTube. So I won’t be here or on Facebook but if I do get any messages on Facebook via messenger I will check them and reply."
175987648,I know right? How are you today?
175987649,That's a very understandable feeling being scared of something like that some people dont understand we dont want to be sad feeling alone singled out and ridiculed for something we can't control just to be helped and calmed soothed finding ways to cope and some hope that things can be better I dont much about facilities where you are but I know with info and some deep digging you may be able to find a plave that really wants to help you family makes you feel like a burden.
175987650,"My mother is a bit worried I might try to overextend myself. School and work I can balance. I just don’t know about learning for fun, or learning new skills. I feel maybe I’ve been a bit hypo getting so excited and wanting to do everything. Gotta stay balanced. Gotta keep myself balanced. I’m good just gotta not do too much."
175987651,Idk this lady was just super passive aggressive and I didnt like it. She was towards me and the clients.
175987652,Ah yes! Ok.
175987653,"Why does my YouTube account have 1 follower, I never post anything there it’s literally empty. Why would anyone follow an empty account, it makes me paranoid x.x"
175987654,I should turn off my office light and try to see if I can take a little snooze. I think I'm more bored than tired though.
175987655,Really hit depression again... having some sui thoughts. SHed last night also. Just kinda telling on myself...
175987656,Went out and got a frozen pizza....the pot roast I made is good but it’s kind meat overload for me.....
175987657,"That's awesome, KFC is great! I'm doing good, got my turkey basket today. They always throw in a few random items in there in addition to the turkey and all the sides which is cool. So I also got some pancake/waffle mix, apples, pudding mix, spaghetti and a can of sauce, a jar of peanut butter, some apple sauce, some canned fruit, and a couple cans of soup. I needed to go to CVS today to pick up my meds but don't feel up to it so I'm gonna go tomorrow. It's cold and rainy today, I prefer to just stay in listening to Christmas music and reading How are you?"
175987658,That sucks. Try to start small. I believe in you!
175987659,cant remember if i took meds this morning
175987660,I’m gonna - I emailed her last night... I’m doing better today.
175987661,"She probably was concerned but went about it the wrong way. Idk why some mental health providers do that. As if we aren’t capable of our own thoughts, feelings, issues."
175987662,Having a stressful day in general can boost your blood pressure.
175987663,What's going on in Snapchat? I installed it but I got stuck at the part I had to add people.
175987664,"Stayed in bed until noon this morning. I didn't want to wake up in case I have a panic attack.. But I won't as long as I'm focused on the Vyvanse.. But when it wears off, I'm screwed.. I'm trying to be positive but I can't. Yesterday was the worst panic attack I've ever had. I see my doctor tomorrow."
175987665,It’s pouring rain
175987666,Oooh ok. Soz
175987667,"Same here, I love being alone"
175987668,That's a lot of cards! I have 2 to give out this year lol. One to my best friend and one to my family
175987669,"Hi I’m new to forums and being in society. I am now married to a man so wonderful I thank God every day. Yet I have awful patterns of fear of evil intent that is driving him away and has for last time. I love my husband, and want to put some things on the table here that have happened to me for those here to see and be able to help. In 2018 4 happenings occurred. My former husband of 27 years committed suicide, I had to put up our home and garden for sale and multiple pets I adored and who loved me and counted on me, my dad who means the world to me and who I’ve been very close to entered Dementia rapidly and met a new man and married. Toward the end of my former marriage my previous husband headed down a road into drugs alcohol and a younger crowd, deceit and going to bars while working out of town. He began to rage for no reason to a point he scared his own sisters and mother. I was put down, insulted and sought isolation to get away from abuse that was bad. I finally had him see my doctor wh
o interviewed him with two behavioral professionals. When I went to hear the results my doctor said “ He is a narcissistic manipulator that has no remorse- you need to get away from him now.” Following his suicide of speeding into the front of a 70 mile hour semi I was alone for 7 months with neighbors avoiding me. I had two nervous breakdowns and took too many sleeping because I just wanted to go away. Then I met this man from my home town with a lot in common and we wanted to meet and be together. I have never known such a wonderful man. He held steadfast against all my sorrow, pain, anger and confusion as well as just anything bad regurgitating from me. He put himself way out with self sacrificing to help me then to get us into a nice home. And the home exceeds my dream. But I kept and still keep having flashbacks of thinking he means me harm and wants control. I turn into a ugly monster and have hurt him real bad with words that afterwards shock me beyond belief and is not the true me. I have depressi
on and sleep meds, have had since 1997 when my mother died. But they won’t give me anxiety meds- say “I rely on them too much.” But that’s the point right?!! I repeat cycles of verbal abuse and yelling. My life with this man now is so happy and so treasured that when I’m ugly I come to feel if I left this world it would give him peace. But that’s a permanent solution unfair to him and I want this life with him. But I went too far and now I can’t open my mouth. Anyone- how can I stop my former life from destructing this one? I don’t want my face seen and don’t want to look in mirror yet I’m a very good person. I don’t want to use my voice anymore. How can I make it stop and build trust again?"
175987670,Akathisia is the worst feeling ever. I know I say many things are the worst things ever.. So many things that happen to us.. We're tortured souls. <3 I took a 1mg alprazolam a few days ago and it took about two hours to kick in so don't give up. Just put head on pillow and be entertained by the colours that swirl behind your eyelids to trance you to sleep.
175987671,I felt like taking an alprazolam and watch Netflix but I'm using weighted blanket instead. #AutisticThingz
175987672,Post pictures please!
175987673,"Hi All. I'm a 48yo man with wife and children. I have schizoid and avoidant traits, but my councilor hasnt gone as far as labelling me. Growing up i was a shy and introverted nerd in school. I had friends and enjoyed socialising. In my 20's i was socially awkward and anxious but i still made the effort to go out. Over the years i found, increasingly, that the effort and energy required to socialise was not worth the return. I started going out less and less, and became more comfortable with not being sociable. I have two friends who i typically see once a month. At work i talk to my colleagues when i have to. But i dont initiate small talk and i dont socialise outside of work. The only people i am comfortable with, and make an effort for, are my teenage children. I know my lifestyle isnt ideal - that humans are social creatures who are healthiest in a group. But honestly i cant be bothered. Its just too uncomfortable and exhausting. Ironically, i really like human interactions on internet forums/di
scussions."
175987674,Cool! I hear it's awesome down there but expensive.
175987675,"thenickflair, I've lived a lifetime of chronic anxiety and panic attacks. I always thought the chest pain was due to stress but it turns out I have C.O.P.D. It was my lungs that were hurting. If you've ever been a smoker it wouldn't be unusual for it to be that. Love d."
175987676,I had a two hour talk with my dad and sister I feel a bit better =] Crazy talk though.. My dad is really mysterious and weird. I believe it's where I get it from.
175987677,"I've been making a similar rule for myself except with starting something (In 15 minutes, I'll start what I want to do). Because most people have problems with finishing things. I have a problem with starting things."
175987678,. If you think it’s psychosis have you considered a med increase?
175987679,"Stay safe _PERSON_ and everyone else. Cold here in Michigan. But yesterday was sunny and not windy. It was actually nice outside, but not warm. I hope you all have a good week. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987680,"I hope the quarantine there ends soon. I don't recall you saying but is your roommate someone you get along with? Maybe you guys could talk, play card games or something, if not I understand, I know you've had some bad roommates in the past if I'm remembering correctly"
175987681,"My mom already made fun of my uni, calling it the university of _NAME_. Multiple times. I mean it is in _NAME_ but that’s not the schools name at all."
175987682,"Hi _PERSON_ and welcome. I too am sorry for the trauma you have suffered. I agree that therapy, or a revisit to it (at this challenging time with your medication trouble) may help you to get through this rough spot. I also really recommend asking for a P-doc (psychiatrist) referral for prescribing your medication.(s) This medical doctor with a specialization of mental health will know the best possible regimen of how to get you leveled and on a maintenance med that will work well for you and meet your needs. For now, please see our Resources at the top of the main forum page here for great self help material that will help you to cope, if practiced regularly. We understand, care and support is key, so keep posting with us if you find it helpful. _PERSON_ Cat"
175987683,"That's awesome, _PERSON_. I'm glad you have that."
175987684,"My aunt said something to me in San _NAME_ during Christmas. Asked if fiancé and I are on section 8 because I work part time and him, at a grocery store. I deleted her. I think if people are like that, they don’t deserve to see what’s going on in my life. And I took that chance to go meet family for a mini-vacation, knowing they’ve said things about me before, and I wanted to introduce them to my fiance. Not anymore. Not extended family anyway."
175987685,"Maybe once the pressure is just right? That’s usually what I need, not too much, not too little. But you can always ask the prof for clarification..... Speaking of reading thanks for reminding me....I’ve gotta download my book to my phone so I can read wherever I end up today...."
175987686,I'm sorry you are having trouble sleeping. How are you feeling today? Any better?
175987687,"Negative: Something is wrong with my car. I hope it's a cheap fix that I can take in this coming up Tuesday... Nuetral: I picked up my meds again. Im starting to lower my Geodon slowly now. 160 to now 140, and then slowly to 120 in a month. No rush at all. Positive: I saw _NAME_ and _NAME_ might join forces!!! This really needs to happen for _NAME_ to have a chance. Hopefully it's not too late."
175987688,labs arent in yet...
175987689,"I had a really great teacher last semester. I have really severe anxiety and she knows about it. She tried so hard to make me feel comfortable and I only just came to trust her. I have really severe trust issues, but I feel really guilty that it took me so long to trust her. Should I tell her how I feel? I am mad at myself for everything I did. I can't stop thinking about how I let her down and how scared I felt. It was really awful. How do I stop feeling guilty and let go?"
175987690,"In addition to cleaning tomorrow I'm going to be trying out my free two week trial of gamerpass on Xbox One that _PERSON_ gave me! (thanks!) Excited for that. I'm excited to start playing my Xbox more in general anyway, I have a bad habit of forgetting about it because it's in my living room and I spent a lot/most of my time in my room. But I'm gonna start trying to spend more time out there. And I have a couple new games I got recently I want to try out too. And that goes along with getting out of my room more and being more active during the day, if I'm in the living room I'm not gonna be inclined to lay around all day because well the loveseat isn't that comfortable or it isn't as comfortable as my bed. So I'm more likely to be up doing things, cleaning around the apartment, exercising, standing and listening to a podcast instead of sitting/laying down, doing arts and crafts at the table out there."
175987691,"I think it's probably a situation where we can't generalize one way or another. I don't think you can necessarily predict beliefs from behaviour. Probably the biggest issue with having SPD is the inability to form a functional support system. People with SPD do this either by refusing outright to have any relationships at all (overt), or choosing to have surface relationships with established barriers to intimacy (covert). Either way, there will be difficulty establishing a trust relationship with a therapist -- it just might manage itself differently. I am wondering now about whether beliefs are important at all for treating SPD."
175987692,"Since I increased my SSRI dose, I find I’m remembering my dreams much more often. I guess maybe my sleep is more interrupted. I don’t mind though; many of the dreams are amusing stories and I can try to figure out why I am dreaming that. Some involve my dad who died years ago. So I can “reconnect” with him in a dream. I’m now in the process of tapering down off the SSRI. So maybe I won’t remember my dreams as often."
175987693,That used to be my emergency sweet....something easy but good to have around if I was out of everything and PMS hit.
174385065,"I am on lithium, Depakote, Thorazine, and Abilify, among others, and I still get this regularly. Regularly. So, you are not alone. Maybe just try to remind yourself when it happens that it's just your brain playing tricks on you, it's your illness, again, and that it won't be constant and permanent. It will stop. Noone is going to hurt you. Etc. That's what I've been doing, anyhow, and it seem to comfort me in the moment. I hope you feel better soon."
175987694,"I can totally relate. It's very hard for me to get relief. I had a geneosite test that shows what meds would be best for me. I am convinced eating healthy is key, yet I struggle to maintain a healthy diet. As well as adequate excersise."
175987695,So glad this is over.
175987696,xd
175987697,"I don't really rely totally on reviews of things. I have the Kindle Paperwhite and it's great. I have over 100 books on it. I plan on getting the new Paperwhite that has more storage maybe in the fall. Have had no problems with it. Plus it doesn't have apps and crap like the kindle fire which I think is kind of distracting when trying to read, more like a tablet. Anyway, kindles are great, you can carry around one little thing and have thousands of books with you everywhere you go. Plus it's better than reading on a computer screen since it looks like paper doesn't have glare or blue light"
174385069,"Clozapine REMS is the FDA system where you have to get blood drawn every week, make sure the ANC is ok, then get the med. The nurse faxed my lab to them friday."
175987698,"Did 20 minutes of yoga, felt really good"
175987699,I’m 23 years old I was just diagnosed with BPD PTSD and Major Depressive Disorder. I want friends that can understand what I am going thru it would be nice to have BPD friends to talk to. I feel alone most of the time and feel like I’m out of touch with reality or myself. It is a struggle I cry like 3 times a day and I can’t make it stop. It’s the smallest things. Psychological terror. I haven’t started DBT yet but I hope it will help me cope better.
175987700,"Same here. I also feel like it's part of a routine/ritual type thing for me, when I want to relax, I have a nice hot cup of coffee, when I want to be alert I do the same thing, if I'm reading a book I want some coffee, etc"
175987701,Good day for me too
175987702,This past week was good for me. This coming week will be the same old routine for me. And I'm fine with that.
175987703,Older than yourself? What do you mean?
175987704,"UGH, I haven't showered since like......Tuesday. I really need to get a shower and I really don't want to. At leastI didn't wear the same clothes as yesterday. Well that's only partially true. I'm not wearing the same outer-shirt. Everything else I've been wearing since Tuesday. UGH. I need to shower. And I really don't want to."
175987705,Yes I been chewing nicotine gum. It doesn’t really work lol.
175987706,I joined a subreddit for crochet. I'm going to commit to learning how to crochet. I won't give up until I get it right. I have the yarn and hooks
175987707,I'm sorry if yall dont like me anymore. No one replies to me really anymore.
175987708,I am on 5 mg. Never been on meds before
175987709,"The day is young, Job. Maybe it will turn around for you."
175987710,Oh wow ok. Try to keep yourself well through all this. These are many big life changes you are going through. Self care is key.
175987711,That’s so cool
175987712,I have no idea honestly.
175987713,"I walked on one of the treadmills in my apartment complex for 15 minutes, it's not much but it's a start. Trying to build consistency before I start increasing the amount of time. Make it easier at first so it becomes a habit and sticks"
175987714,Played some _NAME_ Lego on my Xbox. Might play some grand theft auto later or tomorrow
175987715,"Well, maybe I can't do without them. I just feel like whenever I disobey my doctor, bad things happen. I decided to take everything as normal today. I'll talk to my doctor when I see him next."
175987716,I am not motivated at all times. I also can't focus at all times. Resting and sleeping help tremendously in this regard. I take a nap or sleep then wake up refreshed and do my work. I have so much prep work to do for my classes and sleeping/ resting is the only way I can do my work. I am motivated to do my work in general because I need to pay my bills.
174385104,"I am working about 20 hours a week and want to work about 25 hours per week. I am getting stressed out but am balancing my work with time off. I believe, schizophrenia affects people differently. However, how the individual handles the illness is paramount to being able to work or not. I went to a graduate school and got a doctoral degree in a healthcare field but it took my twice as long as an average student to graduate. I hated it and am glad I got out of the healthcare field. I was sick off and on throughout graduate school and was not good at performing in the healthcare field. I am now teaching and making as much as a full-time teacher per month teaching at a school. I work for a company now and my performance is based on customer satisfaction. So, I am always at the whim of the students which is very stressful. Despite this I am happy at times. I like teaching a lot so am much happier than in the healthcare field. I am planning to do this job for awhile but not until I retire. I am hoping to 
go into business for myself doing property investments eventually. This will be stressful too. I probably will only work part- time again but hopefully will earn more money than being a teacher. I think schizophrenia is disabling but if you find the right treatment, i.e,. the right medication and therapy, you should be able to work to some extent and live a full life. At work I have not asked for accommodations nor told anybody about my illness. I realized in the long run, people tend to hire people and keep people who can work without asking too much in return. I don't let the illness define me and just think of it is as a responsibility which needs to be taken care of by taking my medication and seeing the doctor. I have to say this though- when I am off my medication, I am very ill and impaired. I can't function at all by myself. So, it is a necessity for me to continually take my medication no matter what. I diverge but I was homeless once because I was not compliant. I also was unemployed for a long time 
because of my non-compliance. As a result, I am very grateful for my current situation and cannot stress the fact that my compliance has made a big difference in whether or not I can be independent and work. I would like to add I have been at this job for seven months so far and never have taken an absence nor have been late so far. I am hoping I can continue working like this but know that taking it one day at a time is the best approach."
175987717,"I don't take vyvanes but I kind of feel similar, after sleeping I think wow that was great, then later in the day I'm like I should stay up all night because there's so much I could do"
175987718,"So exciting!! Good luck, Sometimes!!!"
175987719,Does that include ECT?
175285302,"It could be something as simple as your anxiety projecting the pain to your chest or possibly having some impact on your asthma, stress and fear can manifest as physical ailments. Another possibility is heartburn if you notice it after eating or drinking anything. Pepto might help or try rubbing some Vicks vapor rub on your chest helps me sometimes when my chest hurts. Watch comedy or romance, read a new book, take a class online. Don't watch the news too much. Take short wallks and play board games with the fam."
175987720,"I'm ""window shopping"" on amazon"
175987721,"Yup, but not the fish oil. I forgot those ones."
175987722,I wonder if there's a way you can talk to your care manager and sister (maybe separately) that you didn't appreciate what happened... Just trying to think of ways to help. Anyway.
174385121,Not yet. The thing is once I'm adjusted to a new dose of it things always go really well. It works so good for voices and paranoid delusions that I always stick it out. It was increased to 15mg a week and a half ago. It just takes a bit of time for me to get used to it. The first two weeks are always bad for my anxiety
175987723,I'm so thirsty but I still have gauze in and my face is numb
175987724,My blanket is done! Aside from weaving in all the ends. Now I get to lay down watch a movie and enjoy it. It’s so warm and comfy.
175987725,"The vyvanse is in 60 mg but maybe I just won't take it tomorrow, or I'll take a xanax. I'm on Trintellix 20, Duloxetine 60 mg, Latuda 40 mg and Rexulti 4 mg and xanax .5mg up to 4 times per day and exzopiclone 3 mg so at least I'll sleep tonight. Yeah i'm not good at advocating for myself and telling others that I'd just like to be quiet. But maybe today I'll have to try that."
175987726,Clean clothes Anointing oil on my wrists and forehead Put on bracelet and necklace Ate breakfast
175987727,I'm not gonna have money to pay for my car inspection plus sticker. I'm gonna have to my mom or something.
175987728,"I've actually always enjoyed thunder and lightning storms that produce a lot of heavy rain and winds. I'm sorry that storms make you nervous though, TMO."
175987729,"Have lived with depression for 27 years. First episode was post-partum. Have tried over seven different medications in combination with lifestyle modifications. Decided to try rTMS, and it has really made a difference. In my experience, remission is much greater/longer lasting without the negative side effects of systemic medications. This targeted treatment has a higher remission rate than psychotropics, and is now approved by several insurance companies for use after failure of just one antidepressant (used to only be approved after failure on three different antidepressants). Think of it as physical therapy for the brain; targeted stimulation of specific neural circuits involved in mood regulation are activated and reset to individual baseline. Just my experience."
175987730,Oh no. I have to change my password and I don't know how. It's really hard to deal with the web site from my phone.
175987731,Hey guys
175987732,Also sometimes if a student requests it you can take an incomplete and then finish the stuff later....something to consider....
175987733,disarm by the smashing pumpkins
175987734,Might go for a run at 6pm
175987735,Sorry this happened....glad the trilafon and your higher power helped.....
175987736,All I do is listen to music and browse the web all day When I'm not sleeping
175987737,Where’s everyone _USER_ID_
175987738,You almost dropped out of grad school though.....if you’re going to reduce meds I’d say that you don’t make any major decisions for a couple of months at least.
175987739,schziophrenia is a very stressful illness.....because of it i havent worked in 18 years.....but i certainly do NOT consider myself lazy......i do do voluntary work when i am stable....thats all i feel i can handle.
175987740,Hi ya bee. Hmmm. Starting support meetings with a worker twice a week starting Wed. Seen my bro. He isolates badly with autism but made it out for a get together at my sisters shop. He is doing and looking better. I am in a neither here nor there hue. Keep strong. HT
175987741,I hope it goes well
174385143,Think I figured everything out. I need to take Zyprexa again. I think it's because my doctor recently took me off of Zyprexa and lowered Abilify substantially that I feel awful these days. I feel a little more hopeful after stumbling upon this realization. I wish things were more linear. But I suppose they never are.
175987742,It's possible. Either that or ibs. But _NAME_ goto the doctor about that and my back.
175987743,"amirrastine018 I am glad you are getting good advice, acceptance and love here! I have a thought for you to think on. You told us in the beginning that your Mom asks you what is wrong. Being a mother myself, I feel for her. She sees something is bothering you....(mothers just have a radar where their children are concerned) so it is worrying for her. I believe that you telling her what is wrong will help stop the worry of wondering what is wrong. I believe it is better for her heart to KNOW than trying to GUESS. Might that be correct?"
175987744,It’s a good thing you’re on top of it....
175987745,You will live to be old and wise.
175987746,Just got a laundry list of crap to do I think just the number of things is overwhelming that’s all
175987747,Waking up at night can be caused by anxiety or sleep apnea or various other things. To test for sleep apnea you can do a sleep study. There’s an at home test or an overnight in lab test. The at home test is significantly less expensive but the in lab test has certain advantages. These tests may require insurance pre-approval depending on your policy terms.
175987748,Popcorn...
175987749,med -mad electronic device.
175987750,Looking at cosmetic bags/organizers on Amazon. Will likely need to get one at some point for my makeup.
175987751,I got a phone call and set up an appointment with the food farmacy my therapist referred me too. They give you three days worth of nutritious food and provide some nutritional counseling and give you info on other resources in the community to get food
175987752,"Thank you, an update. will have to delete it now soething came up. Thank you for your understanding."
174385160,took 200mg clozapine 40mg geodon
175987753,I need a haircut
175987754,My mind hurts
175987755,"How was it like for you? Personally, the only years from the 2010s that I’ll be missing are 2010, 2016, 2017, the first five months of 2018 and the first two months of 2019. The worst of it for me was in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, June - December 2018 and March - December 2019. It was mostly **** for me."
175987756,done for php today. It starts again on monday. Not sure what I want to do with my weekend though. I'm feeling anxiety like crazy.
175987757,Yeah video games for a lot of people help with mental illnesses of many sorts. I’ve been video gaming more myself. Since my birthday is coming up I may be getting a PS4 with the birthday money and a few monies I saved myself.
175987758,Not today. Probably tomorrow.
175987759,Lets see. I've been on the statin med for 14 days now. It's not crazy achy just like feels like I have the flu achy.
175987760,"I tried to read and couldn't. CBD makes me impatient. Gonna lie down. I hope my doctor gives 10mg dexedrine on Wednesday. _PERSON_ just saw a car advertisement with background music ""I'm the bad guy might seduce your dad type"""
175987761,I am so anxious about it. I stopped watching the news. One case was just reported in our local hospital and I am freaking out.
175987762,Especially considering I have to be at work by 7 AM.
175987763,Horimiya Vol. 3 by _PERSON_ and HERO. (it's a manga series)
175987764,"I've taken my prescribed & almost all my supplements, including the fish oil."
174385155,"Grilled Chickedn With Red Peppers and _PERSON_, _NAME_ is really a terrific summer dish with the bright colors, sweet corn and peppers, and yummy basil. Highly recommendded and pretty easy and fairly cheap. 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 4 teaspoons fresh balsamic vinegar 2 tablespoons extra virgin _NAME_ oil 6 tabelspoons chicken stock 1 garlic clove minced 1 1/2 pound trimmed boneless chicken breasts, but if you like dark meat, no problemo 2 red bell peppers, or one red, one orange is fun, too salt and pepper 8 big basil leaves 1 thinly sliced shallot Four ears corn Directions In a shallow dish, whisk together oil, stock, lemon juice, vinegar, garlic. Add chicke, turning a few times to coat for maybe 20 minutes. I like to have more marinade to pour over the tope at the end, so I often make a bit more of this. I recommend doing that. Just expand the recipe by a factor of 2, usually. On a stovetop or outdoor grill, grill the peppers, turning until skin is charred. Place in paper bag or on ice, whi
chever method you like. You can always roast peppers in the oven, too, on 400. I like the paper bag technique. Then, peel skin and slice into 1/4 pieces. Place in bowl, salt and pepper to taste, and add the reserved marinade and coat. Slice corn off the cobs. In a large sautee pan, caramelize the shallots however you normally caramelize. I prefer butter, but _NAME_ oil works and is healthier. Once shallots are done, throw in the corn for just a minute. If you cook it too long, it will lose its moisture and shrink up, so, just warm it up is how I do this step. Maybe a minute is all. Remove from burner. Grill the chicken, mayb 4 minutes a side. Slice into maybe 1/3 inch wide strips. In a large serving dish, place corn and shallot mixture across bottom of dish. Add chicken artfully and then, peppers across thetop in a line. Chope basil roughly and sprinkle over top. Pour reserved marinade over the whole thing and serve!!!!!!!!!!"
175987765,"I was abused and molested as a child. I knew even then they were wrong, not me. As long as I stayed home, as long as I was in contact with those who hurt me, I would not be able to move on. I moved at 18. I did get married, I would have left anyway. The timing was just right. I was saving to be able to start over. I didn’t go home for a few years. This is not possible for everyone. You can ‘leave” home by limiting your time with your family.. you have a horrible situation. If you don’t distant yourself, you will not be able get strong enough , to get stable as you wish to be. With all I went through, your family is making it harder to find your way. Since you asked, you know there it is important for you to do something. Find your strength. Realize you are not what your family is, you are in control of you life."
175987766,"Sounds pretty loose to me, too. Like something I would say."
174385209,These are among the most impressive desserts to me....so challenging to do without cracking. When I was younger I wanted to make one and we seriously bought a jelly roll pan just for this one attempt since it turned out badly. I also see on great British bake-off so many failures even among the best bakers.....so if you can do this you can do anything!
175987767,"I agree with the benefit of identifying triggers, a good in-the-moment thing to do. You say to yourself, I'm not doing so great now. But why? Then you remove yourself from whatever you were doing and, while breathing slowly and deeply from your diaphragm, you ask yourself What just triggered me? Run through what just happened, or what happened that morning or the night before...run through everything until you have an answer. Or partial answer. If you can't land on anything, try the next time. Like all things, it takes practice to get good at it. The mere act of doing this can help reverse the surging anxiety. It helps me. I'm amazed at how unconscious triggers can be, and how they can lose their power once named. Not always, of course. But often. Take care. You may have to contend with anxiety more than others, but learning what works for you- what you're willing to try - is what will make the difference. This is in addition to therapy and meds, if needed."
175987768,Thank you. I am looking to get professional help.
175987769,"You should try it on the iPhone, I'm sure it works good for it I got it for my Nintendo Switch"
175987770,"_PERSON_ got upset when I told him I took my engagement ring off for a week because I was mad at him. He said he didnt like that and said he wouldn't go and tell people he's single if we fight or nothing. I didnt think about that. I wasn't trying to portray I was single, I was just mad at him. I felt like he didnt respect the ring on my finger cuz it means being there for each other but he wasn't when we were arguing all that week. I wont do that again anyway because I didnt realize how he felt."
175987771,Potatoing day 2
175987772,_AT_MENTION_ People are normally aren't what they seem on the outside. Don't judge a book by it's cover. It goes for everyone quite frankly. I myself have judged someone by the looks of their cover. I've gave out my phone number to a dude that was in the hospital with me. he seemed ok and a few months later find out he murdered a 53 year old women. Luckily I didn't fall into a trap.
175987773,Tell Tweaky the news..
175987774,Went for a walk. It was nice. I have a huge ****ing headache so I took 400mg of Advil. I'm gonna research investing again. I have to phone the doctors clinic and see my doctor about lowering the Vyvanse from 50mg to 30mg to sleep better and also give Cogentin incase I get dystonia from lowering it. Or I could lower it to 40mg idk.. I need a refill of zopiclone.
175987775,Aw thanks bb!!! I haven’t that either in awhile. Since my parents were together or maybe like 7 St _NAME_’s ago. Haha.
175987776,It’s an app or you can go to zoom.com and it the button that says join a group and then type in the info the id and the password and I’ll let you in!
175987777,"I love their cold brews, iced coffees, and the caramel macchiato. I get most of it cold but occasionally go for a hot caramel macchiato. I’m torn now what to get. Hot coffee or cold coffee maybe try something new like a tea latte hmm..."
175987778,Tapatalk is broken again. I'd go complain in their support forums but it's too confusing. I've lived three years here without any note paper. I use my phone and the backs of monthly schedules.
175987779,grandparents gone for a day or two....got the house to myself
175987780,"Whatta fabulous shitshow it will be: Dibs on costume design. Set would be certified chock full o' nuts, but peanut- and tree-nut free. https://i.imgur.com/VhHpNGn.jpg"
175987781,"Hi, sounds like you're trying only medicine intervention to find a cure and this is difficult. I found over the years, 20 years, that biggest help in overcoming depression and anxiety is in activities outside your home. Friends, animals...sport centers and clubs are the best treatment and in combination with some medicine this will produce results beyond your expectations. Always have someone around you...and get tired, tiredness make you sleep better and feel alive next morning. Good luck."
175987782,Wow who knew corona could affect kitten stocks as well...
175987783,Ya I need to try it to know if it will work. The medication is lexapro. Do you know if that medication works well for anxiety. I just have some anxiety about taking it. Thanks.
175987784,Sorry for your loss....
175987785,Dude what?! That’s the exact opposite.
175987786,Yeah boredom's not always good. Some boredom is ok though.
175987787,"Here’s some of them Attached Images 727B8F39-FAB6-4259-9919-917BC31A2B53.jpg (270.9 KB, 7 views)"
175987788,"You’ll settle back in. I continued with my job for like idk 8 years after psychosis. Once you adjust you’ll be stable again. For me the reason I lost my job was two fold memory and adhd issues along with allergies nothing to do wi5h psychosis at all. aim high, I know you can do it."
175987789,"Also, I've had a sudden caffiene and nicotine intolerance."
175987790,Oatmeal w/ almond milk
175987791,Took one in the afternoon
175987792,"I'm new to this website, in hopes for a community to accept me and help through the journeys of depression, anxiety, and other mental ailments. Is this a waist of time? Is there actual hope out there? are there people, REAL people listening? someone throw me a line to hang onto"
175987793,Avenged Sevenfold - M.I.A
175987794,Can't sleep...wide awake. what to do for the rest of the night
175987795,Your book you wrote? Is it finalized yet?
175987796,I haven't really got any studying done. What a waste.
175987797,"A paralegal might be cheaper than a lawyer. Computer might also list lawyers who help people who can't afford lawyers. You're saying you think this might have been an accident? What leads you to believe that? Police chief might have a conflict of interest, in that he didn't really conduct an investigation and doesn't want to give out information which reveals that."
175987798,"Ever since _AT_MENTION_ posted a picture of a centipede that was in her shoe I've wondered which is more nightmarish, spiders or centipedes."
175987799,Shameless is the best! ?
175987800,I strongly advise against fertilizing your eggs
175987801,Got a new plant! Yay!
175987802,So happy for you and your progress!
175987803,I feel awful
175987804,"I’m trying to figure out ways to save money. We’re going to buy less fancy foods. Incorporate more meatless meals. Our grocery bill is too high as a household. For myself I’m not buying booze (going dry for a while for the better), I’m not buying more books, yarn, random ****. Stop buying take out. Even though I don’t buy a LOT but once a week even adds up. I don’t buy Starbucks that often so that’s not a huge issue. Smoothies and random stuff though need to stop. I got fruit at home. If I don’t spend any money I can try to catch up on some bills. Still need money for insurance, phone bill, internet, cable, psych, etc. Hopefully I can stick with it. I used to be really good at saving money then I started spending like mad."
175987805,"Thanks, yeah, read the _PERSON_ ones. Heard of _PERSON_. I will check out the other one, too. Thanks!!"
175987806,Atreyu - A Song for the Optimists
175987807,Some have used it awhile. I Had a long n short period but it wasn't for me. ...do not read lables...i use lived experience. HT. Good move on Dr appt.
175987808,Making a bed is just frustrating in general. It always has been for me. I make my bed every morning though - I used to hate it and never did it. I used to work partially in housekeeping and making beds all day long is quite a work out.
175987809,I had oatmeal for breakfast.
175987810,I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find some relief from that. Is there like a different antipsychotic you can try? Or a PRN antipsychotic when you feel really bad? I would ask the pdoc if I were you... Hope you feel better.
175987811,"Where I get confused, it's that I don't like to abuse people, when I am in a powerful position. I hate it, and I don't act that way. But sometimes, abused children seem to expect your bad behaviour; they seem to believe that you are an idiot if you act differently. I have no deep experiences about it 'though. Just some occasional observation, and things you read. Let's imagine: I adopt a child, he is used to being beaten if he behaves “badly”. I just don't want to beat him. Then, he thinks that I am a weak or stupid person, as I don't punish him so hardly as he is used to, and his bad behaviour increases more and more. I refuse to behave as he would “want”. It disgusts me, I feel pain, and I think that it's not right towards him. I have an intuition about the underlying reasons, for his childish or dysfunctional behaviour. Beating is just an example, perhaps it's excessive, and doesn't give the idea. But some things are against my nature. As far as I can, I like to be delicate in my social 
exchanges. But when you read suggestions for adoptive parents, on some website, they write that you need to be very hard, because these children need a leadership, to feel safe. Otherwise, they don't feel safe. I am confused. I think that these people have a too much simplistic vision, about “strength” and “weakness”. During a war, things often look the opposite of what they are. When I behave harder than I wish with my son, to demonstrate him that “I am the leader”, am I really strong? I am acting against my nature to obtain his approval, and I am violent towards myself and my feelings, if not his. Maybe I am stronger if I follow myself, and I act sweeter. But does the child get it? I guess it depends on each individual child? I wonder if it's right, to lead the way in this: I have the strength and the courage to be vulnerable (too) as opposite to I am so weak and vulnerable, that I need to be “strong” with you (it's not a real strength btw) But websites write that children with attachment di
sorders don't feel safe, if you don't demonstrate that you are the leader... and so, it seems that you need to engage in this power war, and win them. I am not writing that I intend to be a submissive victim, surely not. But the intent to dominate them sounds excessive and disagreeable to me. Even more, I fear that this behaviour is destructive, considered that power war and power abuse are their trauma. ...What do you think about all that?"
175987812,Pumpkin bars sound good. I love pumpkin bread though. Yum Yum Yum. Might have to get some later at Starbucks.
175987813,"I'm gonna go through a withdrawal myself. Hopefully it wont be too bad.. I like nicotine gum better than nicotine spray now and it's way cheaper. SP is thinking (While we talk about this stuff), ""I'm glad I never used nicotine.."" lol.."
175987814,"There was a smoking break today!!!!!!! I am so glad I stayed awake! They charged my batteries and everything! My COPD is worse though. I was almost coughing out my vape. I don't know what I'm going to do about the vaping mail ban. I've discovered that nicotine has a wonderful effect on my cognition. It's been so long without it I forgot how essential it is. I need it every day all day. Not just twice a day. The guy I like caught my eye as he always does but modesty made me break my gaze; he saw me half naked in my room last week. One of those things too horrible to be acknowledged. I hope my lungs improve, I can barely vape anymore. Maybe I'll have to quit vaping and just use nic gum throughout the day."
175987815,"Sent my story to the editor a bit ago. For the rest of my time during this crisis, I'll be making the cover of the book (I already have a killer photo or it), Then I will be transition on to my anthology on Romanticism. I hope I do Romanticism justice."
175987816,I haven't been on this site for a bit. I see where you are coming from. Nice of you to share all those stories <3
175987817,That’s good.....
175987818,"I took my night meds last night (including my regular dose of thorazine, and I didn't forget my zoloft, trilafon, trileptal and wellbutrin this morning so I'm feeling pretty good. I got some good sleep. I wasn't getting good sleep when I decreased the thorazine and I'm sure that didn't help matters. I'm feeling positive today. Trying to keep my thoughts on the here and now instead of worrying about the future. Right now everything is fine and there's nothing for me to be worried about, it just causes suffering for me when I worry constantly about things I can't control. Not catastrophizing things helps too. Most of the time I practice mindfulness and that helps me a lot. Thanks for asking I hope your doing well And focusing on my hobbies is a good distraction as well"
175987819,How much sleep would you say you got over the last three nights?
175987820,Cheese and more cheese galore and some prosciutto and salami plus some more Breton crackers for a cheese platter I am making tonight for my building’s Halloween party...
175987821,"I'm amazed anyone can be married (let alone be married and have SPD) but I know it's possible. Congratulations on that. In my case, my parents were BOTH overbearing and neglectful. I have also recently found out they are racists. Not much can surprise me at this point. Anyway, I would like to point you in the direction of just reading up all you can online about the disorder and then decide if you really think it's a ""disorder"" or if it's your natural state. If you're depressed, I'd suggest a medication like Celexa, etc. If you feel fine with your life, I really wouldn't worry about it at all."
175987822,"I knew I had ""ADD"" as a kid but they just call it ""ADHD"" now so I became confused that it was ""ADHD-Predominantly Inattentive"". So the thing I'm looking for from stimulants is alertness and focus (Even though people with ADHD can't focus, they hyperfocus on things for a short time - While I don't have the energy to do focus at all)."
175987823,"Fine except I just lost my bestie to a Nigerian scammer who is using her as a money mule, I can’t be around that bs."
175987824,"This coming week should be a good one for me, as I travel to Rhode Island on Tuesday, and then celebrate Thanksgiving with my family. We're going to eat out at a hotel in the beautiful White Mountains of New Hampshire on Thursday. I'm looking forward to it."
175987825,"It said thaw 30-40 min in fridge or eat frozen, wonder which happened."
175987826,I wear it as a badge of honour.
175987827,Some stuff my mom got me for my bday. Minus the shopping spree she took me on today at target.
175987828,What's really going on is that I got fired by my psychiatrist and I fired my therapist. So I need to find two new providers now. _PERSON_.
175987829,"Lab, Are you having nausea...extreme fatigue, confusion? Do your eyes look normal...no uneven dilation of the affected side pupil? If so, you are probably alright, and the bump simply triggered the migraine. However, since concussion and migraine symptoms can overlap,,,if you continue to feel 'off', checking in with your doctor would probably be a good idea. Hope you feel better soon! _PERSON_"
175987830,_NAME_ - Tainted Love
175987831,Bananas foster French toast and a psl.
175987832,"I'm looking into volunteering, I've done it on and off and enjoyed it"
175987833,"People with good, decent, kind, empathetic hearts get screwed over by people with personlaity disorders all the freaking time. They are predatory."
174385298,Why does my doctor always want to mess with things??? Ugh. He now wants me to try lowering Abilify to introduce Vraylar gradually. How do I get over this nonsense? I can't deal with this crap anymore.
175987834,Today went by fast. So thankful tomorrow is Monday. I know no one wants to hear that
175987835,My Xbox 360 is done. It got the red ring of death. I need to upgrade to an xbox One X anyway I guess.
175987836,not today
175987837,I had no problems to quit weed because it made my hallucination and voices go up. I think it isn’t as hard as quitting smoking or drinking.
175987838,Exactly.......
175987839,I'm trying to have a better relationship with food and my body. It's hard but I'm trying. Maybe I should stop actively trying to lose weight. I'm 143 lbs. I mean I am going to get on an alternative med to help offset the weight gain from antipsychotics. But maybe it's not healthy for me to focus on losing weight constantly due to my eating disorder history. Idk. I get obsessed fast.
175987840,I hope it will help.
175987841,I gave up...preheating the oven for pizza now ......
175987842,"It sounds like he is more honest with his friends than he is with you. And being abused by your father should never be something anyone makes a joke about, especially by someone you have confided in. Having someone joke about something that must have hurt you deeply is a betrayal of your trust. And very insensitive on his part. I don't blame you for being upset. When he started dating you, did he say anything to YOU about still being in love with someone else ? Anything at all ? I know it's never a good thing to go thru someone's phone, but he's lucky you didn't clock him on the head with it. I think the best thing you can do is think about whether this relationship is right for you. Is he the kind of person you really want ? I would at least tell him you need him to be honest with you. And not talk about you to his friends."
175987843,"For sure. It's gradual I think. Any progress like that is. I for one know that I wouldn't have been able to keep up a job last year for example. My mental health wasn't so good. But through continued effort I have gotten somewhat better. Truly, I am grateful for that."
175987844,Got a shower and washed my hair. Put on my perfume. Put on my new necklace. Ate Lucky Charms for breakfast.
175987845,"Craving a cigarette. The last time I smoked one was at some point in June. I really enjoyed it, which was weird because early in my vaping life every time I rolled myself a smoke, it was bitter and tasted like poison. That's how they tasted everytime I tried one, until the last one in spring. And they tasted so bad that becoming hooked on cigarettes wasn't a concern. But it might be different now."
175987846,"I just want to have Oreos and coffee for dinner lol my two main food groups, sugar and caffeine"
175987847,Awesome! And yeah that’s true
174385320,That’s great falcon!
175987848,"Sorry Tweaks that you're struggling. I""m struggling too when it comes to motivation and serious lack of hygiene and the so called negative/depressive symptoms of my illness. You're loved. You are important. You're smart... and I know this doesn't mean anything to you but you're quite good looking too ... not trying to hit on you but I want you to feel good about yourself because in times of distress we forget who we are."
175987849,Had a great time with my friend
175987850,Whatcha getting?
175987851,"Hi all, Just an update, long one. Today I got the diagnose mild depression, but depression is depression, right? I have had it quite a while now I am pretty sure of it, since I went through a lot the last 2-3 years now. I was so stressed with my husband wanting to become a woman because of body dysmorphic disorder, as he was diagnosed with it and I had to live with him 9 months until I was able to move and forced watch his transition. We are still friends but at least we are not married and I don't see him everyday. At that time I thought I was very strong and could take a fast decision to move on, which was good, but of course with every trauma comes effects later xD Of course then I went through financial stress, have to find job and can't etc etc. So I got quite a bunch on my plate. My already existing anxiety disorder popped up again and now occasionally having panic attacks. Lots of intrusive thoughts are coming to mind which usually are not very helpful with anxiety. I am very new to depressi
on though I have years of experience with anxiety, I have no clue about what to do to treat it on my part. Of course the therapist today said that she will go with CBT and I will be receiving lots of homework. I don't mind that. But I am sort of scared that this depression thingy is gonna get worse over time (hello, anxious mind here :D ). With therapy later on I might consider going back to my good old Sertraline, even though the first 1-2 weeks of medication feels dreadful. Well yeah I think bettering my life, if I find the energy to do so, may help much. Like if I have a job, because I don't have focusing problems yet and I love to work, and financial problems disappear. I think it will help. Yes, that's the story. Sorry for TL,DR moments. <3"
175987852,I think it can decrease appetite
175987853,Some nights I just wanna stay up really late.
175987854,What are those icons next to your name? I've been trying to figure it out for a month now.
175987855,"The meds I'm currently on, are the only ones that have ever completely got rid of my symptoms 100%. Like it's been completely quiet, no voices, no delusions/paranoia. It's good, just strange after like over ten years of symptoms even in times where I was mostly stable. just not used to it yet"
175987856,"probably won't be able to sleep tonight, every time I lay down to sleep my mind races so much I can't even begin to relax"
175987857,I want Monday to be here already. So I can see about any emails that may come that are important. Waiting for so many.
175987858,Thank you!!!
175987859,And I am grateful :/
175987860,I wish my room wasn't so small so I had a desk or one of those rooms to go in like _PERSON_ has. I don't like living in my room. There's no place to go. This is where I sleep. It's depressing.
175987861,Yes. We got an email about the virus on our work email from corporate today.
175987862,Played my Xbox for awhile today
175987863,"I slept till 1pm then afterwards my sister called. She has an old set of dishes she's gonna give me since she got a new set for Mother's Day, which is good since I've needed more dishes. The stay at home order here has been extended to June 6th, my birthday is the 4th so I guess I'll just be home, it will probably get extended again after that and again and again."
175987864,"Heavy as the setting sun Oh, I'm counting all the numbers between zero and one Happy, but a little lost Well, I don't know what I don't know so I'll kick my shoes off and run (yeah)"
174385343,I get that a lot. People have learned to be patient until I catch my train of thought. They were particularly patient in the psych ward when I paused for about 10-15 seconds. They wanted to send me back to the inpatient unit but they took me off abilify and concerta and put me on invega and vyvanse
175987865,"I think that's how I'll start my mornings now. Coffee, journal, and solitaire"
175987866,"Say Hi - November was White, December was Grey YouTube"
175987867,"I hope so too. Back in 2007 I had mouth/lip movements and after I weaned myself off of AP and started taking tons of vit e, it cleared up. So far, I have not had it return but I have tremors in my left hand. Hopefully it will just stop for you."
175987868,"Thanks Newtus, and I hope you feel better"
175987869,I got my Covid vaccine. Have a card with the date of my next shot on it.
174385359,Yup works better with another. An adjunct. Usually prescribed this way. Booster. Probably working in the background...as does lamotrogine. Cheers. HT
175987870,"Please, read about Ashwaganda. It's affordable and works alone or combined with RSO(_NAME_ Oil) for anxiety & sleeplessness. Best thing is, you don't need to beg an allopath for it. Meditation & yoga also helped me. Best of luck to you."
175987871,"Thank you, by the way. Even though they'll be bringing the snack soon, and the pills God knows when, I'm thinking of sneaking a tiz right now. I could go to the bathroom. This whole place is infested with huge ants, like bullet ants. So gross."
175987872,Just did
175987873,"If we talk about the same yellow rice, it’s white rice cooked with turmeric. Usually we make that for special occasion. Another delicious way to cook rice is to wrap the cooked rice with banana leaves them you stem them."
175987874,This is basically what happened to me years ago....it’s like for me the work induced some hypo which isn’t bad but eventually it broke into full mania....it’s really hard not to push because it feels positive and good.
175987875,"Back when I was in the throes of severe anxiety, I also felt scared because I was too nervous to eat and felt that because of not eating well, I could get sick and, maybe die (like the anorexics do). What I began to do was keep a food diary. It helped because I could look back and see that I was indeed trying the best I could to get healthy food into me. Foods like pieces of fruit, vegetables, yogurt, oatmeal, rice, clear or cream soups - it was never a great amount, but I forced myself, and found that if I could distract myself enough, it would go down. I would eat slowly, sometimes watching TV, or just talking to my husband, etc. What helped a lot was looking back to the day before and telling myself what a good job I did (it's important to praise yourself!) And of course, you need to keep hydrated with at least water. Sometimes carbonated (seltzer) water went down best. Keep us posted on how you're doing, okay? I so know how hard it can be."
175987876,"Well, nothing seems real when you're sick. Just keep getting better."
175987877,"as a kid i would easily execute people if i was ""allowed"" to, i wasn't allowed to act as i wanted because of that, i didn't care about anyone geting hurt in any way when i was mad, naturally society had a problem with it and shut it down by forcing me to behave as expected. geting my anger back in therapy lately and now that the chains are coming off i want to kill people very often, i try to think of the consequenced because i already spent a night in jail and unlike everyone there i hate the smell of cigars, so now even when i get mad i always control myself so i wouldnt kill anyone, i always fantasized about killing people, mostly family, it kept me alive with all the anger inside. i think it depends alot on the cause, and at what age did the schizoid lost touch, if its too young then he will probably forget what he's angry about, if its at an older age the anger will live in him, it is not allowed to come out since he has to behave, and it does not go away because it literally killed him, ban
sished him from the world and exiled him, of course the anger will stay inside him."
175987878,"Yeah, but I've never tried it. Maybe I will next time I'm struggling like that again."
175987879,**Ella Interviews _NAME_ From Canada- An Excellent Presentation**Call-in info in info section - YouTube
175987880,Hope you do well
175987881,Snickers bar
175987882,I’m buying The Sims 4 plus Cats and Dogs bundle and Skyrim for my Xbox
175987883,"Ugh...that anticipatory anxiety...I know it well. :/ Try envisioning only good things about your trip...from the driving to the actual visit, and finally, the return. Keep positive and reassuring mantras in your thoughts. I am sure that everything will be fine at your home while you are gone. Have you had previous plumbing issues that have caused leaking/flooding? If not, then you really have no reason to turn your water off...but if doing so crosses one of your concerns off the list...then it may be worth it, just for overall peace of mind. Best to you. You've got this! I hope it is much easier than you expected. S.C."
175987884,Not wearing a mask in order to make a political statement is not supported by the science and dangerous. And I am mostly very conservative.
175987885,Can’t wait until we move to roll call 170...the image on this one is broken on tapatalk and it’s driving me nuts...
175987886,We just had the scampi to rave reviews! Even the bfs mom enjoyed it.
175987887,Very nice! I think mine is a tenor which is pretty big itself. I had trouble with the smallest size because I prefer fingerstyle and my hands are big lol.
175987888,Who’s excited about the animal crossing Halloween update?! I wanna go trick or treating at y’all’s islands!
175987889,"Ended up falling asleep for a few more hours, felt great"
175987890,One fiddlehead fern away from completing the community center! Of course its a whole season until I can find one.
175987891,"Sunflower, these are all good suggestions,but if you have lost 25 pounds in two weeks it is time to seek medical attention. I think you may be past the point of self help. I do breathing exercises, meditation and exercise, but I still needed help from my doctor. At the very least reach out to your primary doc."
175987892,"Not much been happening with me. A few weeks ago we had to put one of our dogs down. She was 15, blind, going deaf, and had lung nodules. She was sick and in pain. Poor baby. Miss her. Cat was sick but he saw the vet and is all better now. 18 year old cranky old man. Love him. Other dog is on a diet now and already lost half a pound. Aside from that just working. Trying to get back into the gym. It’s hard. See my doctor next month. Stretching out to two months instead of a month because I’m doing well. Going to have to bump it up by a week though because I need a refill on the seroquel. I don’t post much if I’m well. If I’m crazy I post more lol. Sometimes I put my foot in my mouth though but hey we’re all friends here I mean no harm."
175987893,I love how it's bright outside for longer now all of a sudden. It should be dark by now and I still have like 2 hours of light left. I want to write like job and newtus but I have to make a topic.. Plus I want to read more.. etc etc etc There's so much etc's that my head is full. I don't know how _NAME_ talks to different people for 3 hours a day and keeps all of the information in his head.
175987894,He's raised my Abilify up five times the amount I was at before (2mg to 10mg) and it hasn't really helped so he might put it up higher still. He says basically the plan would be eventually to take me off Latuda and put me on Lamitical or something but he wants to see what the psychiatrist has to recommend. I'll talk to him again tomorrow about adjusting my meds more because it's not really working what I'm on right now.
175987895,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ maybe I could try that. I could say that I am having trouble with hallucinations of rats, I am having trouble with feeling very tired and sedated. I am having trouble feeling unreal. I am having trouble with feeling depressed and sad all the time. I am having trouble relating to most people. I am having trouble with my concentration, I am having trouble with thinking there is something in my blood that shouldn't be there that is bad and is clumping up inside of my arms."
175987896,"In my city in the US there’s a good amount of mental health services available, but most competent providers are private pay so it is difficult to afford services unless you’re relatively well off. For those without money, access is much more limited. Covid has increased demand for mental health services so waiting times can be longer. And it has largely moved to zoom and similar online platforms. But services are still available to those who can afford it."
175987897,Air 1 radio
175987898,I don’t think so anymore
175987899,"I like your house SP, I haven't upgraded mine yet but I'll get there"
175987900,Well we kinda need the money. But I lowered a few of my bills recently over the past couple months. But doing so has freed up some money for things I want like my vape juice.
175987901,Still trying to get over issues with my mom
175987902,"My younger sister has very strong views in things that my parents either don't see eye to eye on or disagree with. This leads to them constantly arguing, most of the time I am stuck in the room eith it happening and all the yelling and things set me in edge and send my anxiety through the roof. I get severely overwhelmed and the only thing I manage to do is listen to some music. It's got to the point where I hate being around them out of fear of them arguing. To make things worse I feel utterly alone I can't explain it but I just don't feel a part of anything like with my very few friends and my family it just feels lonely. I've been told as well recently by my dad that me ""choosing"" to be lesbian was wrong and that me wanting to get married and have a family in the future is unnatural and wrong and that I made a wrong choice. At this point I feel like it's impossible for me to be happy and I'm slowly coming to the idea that I never will be. The only thing keeping me going is a stupid story I sta
rted writing and i think it's because I can just disappear into this world where things are better in a way, it's an escape. I promised myself to stay alive until my sister got married and until she had her child but that's all in the past now. There's nothing else for me to look forward to. It might seem like stupid reasons for me to feel this way, they're probably pathetic excuses. This is the only way I can get these thoughts out of my head I can't talk to my family or my friends, they won't understand and frankly I'm too scared that they'll disregard because they won't know how to show support. At this point I wouldn't know where to start. The temptation of just getting out the razor from under my bed is a constant thought but I keep reminding myself of how much i regretted it last time but I'm so close to just giving in. I'm close to giving in all together and just calling it quits."
175987903,"Omg you guys my sister just finished her colonoscopy.....turns out she had the stomach flu so they couldn’t finish it but they already found a tumor, diverticula and some kind of ulcers were what was bleeding....it wasn’t what they thought at all. She’ll find out about the tumor in a week.....thoughts and prayers for her appreciated....."
175987904,"Had cream of wheat, a small piece of ham and a few tator tots for breakfast"
175987905,"Hey, Snapping. Yeah, I have never really categorized all these different things like you did, but I relate to most of what you said. I think I have most of those, too. I have gotten a lot of command hallucinations in the past, tooo. These can be extreeeeemely dangerous, since people may choose to follow those commands."
175987906,"I'm struggling. I had a really bad day. Physically, it was challenging. I signed up for a class this morning, but after I struggled with housework, I realized I don't have time for a class. All my time goes toward cleaning the house and self-care. It's pretty depressing to think about. I'm too tired to pursue interests. My only outlet is my game. I feel pretty useless. At least I'm making a home for my cats."
175987907,I've had good luck but so many of them are f*cking drug pushers man
175987908,Every time I stand up I get extremely dizzy
175987909,"Got my injection. The pharmacist said it's true that it will take a while for the paliperidone to build up in my system. I took a 5mg olanzepine when I got home. I might have to keep taking olanzepine for a while. Not suicidal anymore. I took 1 and a half zopiclone, an olanzepine and 5mg valium and went to sleep. I was explaining my psychosis to my sister and mom but I was slurring my words. They didn't judge me. I feel bad for blaming my mom again. I was dealing with illusions (Not delusions) like a trip with my mind and reality."
175987910,I got up an hour ago from a 3 hour nap. I thought I'd only lay down for like 30 min and I just crashed. I got good sleep last night. A good 10+ hours so idk why I was so tired.
175987911,Gave up on APomised Land by _PERSON_. It was interesting and I wanted to read it but the print was too small and the book too heavy. Later when prices go down I’ll get it on kindle so I can make the print larger. I started one today called the bone canyon. It’s a thriller.
175987912,Am with ua. Your in a whirlwind. And caught in a tornado. The longer your friend goes without meds the bigger the tornado will become. Keep ?. Got to step back mate. Your health will suffer. HT.
175987913,"Can't wait till Saturday, coffee with my sister"
175987914,"Hi there. Thank you so much for your reply. How was Thanksgiving? I spent mine alone. It’s okay though, because lately I feel so volatile that alone is probably how I should be."
175987915,"Damn, these Monster Zero Ultra Sunrise drinks taste sooo good. I'm addicted to energy drinks again. I just have them when I study though."
175987916,"[QUOTE=Atypical_Disaster;6937495]Hello, I’m still here.[/QUOThugs."
175987917,"I think they're both great ideas but I would say applebees because it comes with the experience of going out and making memories, they'll have a good time"
175987918,I slept for 16 hours after staying up for 2 days. Feeling a bit better mentally. I woke up with a headache though so I took a headache pill that has caffeine in it. Now my heart’s beating too fast..
175987919,Another day of apathy. I feel like a useless waste of air.
175987920,I have some injury on my tongue since Friday or Thursday. I either bit it really hard (which I don't remember) or it's oral cancer or something. The pain is horrible when I try to eat and drink. I hope the appointment you have will help with the pain.
175987921,"Just did my November budget. We dont have enough to save and move in I think, but we would have enough to pay the _PERSON_ in the new place. It's hard to save when u have to pay rent for this place, plus all the bills, and trying to save for a new place."
175987922,Yes I did......
175987923,No I've been watching it on my laptop
175987924,I now use a cocktale of 6 mg melatonin and 900 mg valerian root and add 50mg benadryil if needed. its usually very effective.
175987925,"I love those! There's supposed to be a pizza party here on Tuesday, can't wait!"
175987926,I really need to start getting some exercise. I’m so unmotivated though. Idk maybe I’ll start taking long walks again. And maybe start using my 8lb weights again. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175987927,"Yeah, it was my current one who did that."
175987928,"Toasted English muffin w/ butter. I'm super hungry tonight, idk why"
175987929,"They should prescribe cbd hemp to schizophrenics. I think it may only work for paranoid schizophrenics and not people who hear voices, but I’m not sure. It may work for both. Years ago all I could get was thc marijuana on the streets, but now that hemp is excepted by more people, it’s easily attainable. Getting people off the high thc weed. This is so cool"
175987930,Morning I had weird dreams very weird and not right.
175987931,"I just don't want to think about my heart right now during the pandemic.. When things are better, I'll talk to my doctor and get a hall monitor, echo and stress test.. He says I have anxiety so he gave me the atenolol.. But when I don't take the atenolol, it beats faster and seems like it's not beating electrically proper - But that could also be due to atenolol withdrawal. So Idk. When I stay awake for 24 hours and try to sleep again, going unconscious makes it ""spasm"". So I don't do that anymore. Antihistamines and tricyclic antidepressants (Quetiapine, maybe diphenhydramine, trazodone, mirtazepine) maybe prolong my QTc interval. Escitalopram (Cipralex, Lexapro) also prolong the QTc so they took me off of it. Meh. I'll come back to this post when I can see my doctor not on the phone and I'll get everything tested. Just my mom says that my heart is fine and I shouldn't worry about it. She has long QT syndrome, an aortic aneurysm and mitral valve prolapse (Leaky heart valve).. I'm worried about h
er heart too..."
175987932,"I don't know how to explain what is wrong with me. I'm waiting in the jeep while everyones skiing because I feel too bad - Like I'm being tortured. This is the 3rd-4th time that this has happened this year. I don't know what to do. I want to give up. In this state, I'm afraid of people laughing at me. I hate my doctor. He dismisses everything I say. I'm not taken seriously with him. I see my psychiatrist on Monday and maybe my sister will come with me. I want to lower the invega injection or at least be prescribed Dexedrine for the evening. I can only do things in the morning and then the Vyvanse wears off. I don't know why I sleep so much. I'm trying to find meaning to being alive and I've always been like this. I'm a downer. I'm not fun and see life as pointless in this state. It's my natural state. I don't get it. Theres something wrong with me. I'm gonna take clonazepam and see if it helps."
175987933,Yes I did. And washed my hair.
175987934,"I am. I take 20 mg of lexapro twice a day, 15 mg of buspar 3 times a day, and 3 mg of klonopin twice a day.. I really believe I’m having a nervous breakdown. ?"
175987935,"It is hard when anxiety is up. But keep practicing. I hope that the doc responds to your call. It helps just to know somebody is there. Keep hanging on. _PERSON_, _NAME_... 123"
175987936,I have not. Maybe I should. Doc said for OCD anxiety he starts with SSRI bc they tend to work best and be best tolerated.
175987937,"Had a good time with my friend, we chatted, watched a movie and played Marvel Champions: The Card Game"
175987938,"Yeah it’s ridiculous, people around here are just continuing about their business hanging around with each other in the streets, etc"
175987939,My mind is racing like crazy. I think it's from coffee. Trying to calm myself down
175987940,"Going to The Cliff Walk with my daughter today. I’m pretty excited. We went out last night and bought lunch stuff and drinks so we can have a picnic at the beach. Not going to be too hot so we should be good. Newport Cliff Walk - Wikipedia ETA this is a better link Newport, RI's Cliff Walk combines ocean views, mansions, and a rocky shore line into a 3.5 mile Federally listed Recreational Walk."
174385450,Yeah I know the feels.....
175987941,Idk about yall but everyday that I’m alive I’m so upset that I deal with mental illness. Like I hate having to wake up and realize all over again that I’m sick and need meds.
175987942,How is it pronounced? Doje coin?
175987943,"I do gift bags sometimes for wrapping, especially difficult stuff to wrap (anything not rectangular or square) but I always try to wrap the stuff for my sister's kids."
175987944,The ones due for lunch are done yay! I feel productive now. I just need to do the rest of the work I’ve been neglecting... Oy.
175987945,"No, you just need to look on the back of it and see if it breaks down the ingredients into EPA and DHA. It should say."
175987946,"I'm so beyond depressed... My dads been drinking today I think so he's not able to talk. Literally. I called him and he's not making any sense. And part of me just doesnt want to be here in this apt. I'm tired of crying myself to sleep. I haven't brushed my hair in 2 weeks and I haven't showered in a week. _PERSON_ is upset about that but I'm depressed because of him. Because he doesnt talk to me, doesnt hold, and doesnt give any physical attention to me. I'm depressed because I'm being deprived of human interaction. And he's been telling me what to do with my money. Kinda. He says I should pay certain _PERSON_ with it instead of what I would like. I just do it. And my mom never wants to really see me. But she will travel across the country multiple times a month, every month. She cant be bothered to drive an hour here but will drive 10 hours to see my sis on the other side of the state. I knew this would happen. Everything was at a high, now it can only go down and I'm so worried."
175987947,One of my cats made a nest in my winter coat lol
174385452,I dont think i really have this or bipolar. I do struggle with anxiety and some depression. I havent heard things or seen things or been scared of satan and demons attacking me like earlier this year so maybe it was all in my head? maybe i made it up? somehow??
175987948,"I'm glad you're seeing some improvement! What really surprised me is the havoc that anxiety was having on my blood pressure and my heart beats. For me it was a cycle: fear of heart problems led to anxiety which raised my blood pressure very very high which caused anxiety, etc. But understanding why this was happening helped a lot. I was monitoring my BP ten or more times a day obsessively looking for improvement. Anyway, as time has passed so has this problem and I put away the blood pressure cuff. I've needed the buspirone less and less and haven't taken it in about a month or so. This all started for me last fall. I hope you can get rid of this now. Sometimes I take very deep breaths. That's supposed to slow the heart rate. Walking it off can also help if you're able to do that. Just know that this is not an unusual situation and doctors take it seriously to rule out heart problems and then focus on controlling the anxiety - I think it's harder to treat anxiety than heart problems. ugh Have a gre
at weekend!"
175987949,"I am sorry you are going through so much right now. Don't think of yourself as inadequate or a liar. People come and go on the forum. I am glad you felt safe enough to come back but sorry for the reason. Know you are always welcome here... We all become an emotional mess from time to time, that is what the illness does to us. Anxiety, depression, ocd, bi-polar. It all tries to control us. We all hit bumps in the road. But we keep going. Try to relax and don't beat yourself up. We all understand what you are going through. One day at a time. Keep posting as it does help. Hugs _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175987950,Awesome...good luck
175987951,"I had some very successful pals. The one who has made but far the most money did nto finish college. It was a waste for him. He built a company and sold it to Nextel for 100 million dollars, now, part of Sprint. School shmool"
175987952,"Hello!! Welcome to my life! I felt as if I was reading a post about myself! I’ve been convinced something has been wrong with my heart since the age of 14. I’m now 28. So basically half on my life. Things got so bad last year I went to a cardiologist and basically broke down to the dr. Told him EVERYTHING that I was going through and asked him the please help me. For a peace of mind. He was a very nice and understanding dr. I had an ultrasound of my heart, an ekg, and wore a 24 hour holter monitor. After three excruciating weeks of waiting , my results came back and I found myself panicking in the waiting room. I knew something was wrong. But guess what ? Everything came back 100% normal. It was the greatest relief. But only assured me for two days. I religiously take my blood pressure, go to the emergency room for panic attacks thinking I’m dying. I’m here now because my heart is pounding. 120 beats per minute. I’m afraid. But I just have to remember that I’m ok. That’s all I can do. 
I’m terrified at the moment but calling an ambulance on myself again or rushing to the hospital again only helps for a short period of time. We are seeking reassurance and when we gain it it’s only temporary relief. I know the feeling all too well. I’m just laying in bed and my heart is pounding. I’m practicing deep breathing and positive self talk."
175987953,I had some gamestop points. So I got a headset and Splatoon 2 for switch.
175987954,not today
175987955,"Just found out I have the same birthday as fiancés, best friends girlfriend/wife."
175987956,"Thank you SC <3 I do my best to get back on track really, I think that amount of stress naturally caused increased GI symptoms. Really trying not to ponder too much as it's nothing new for me. I see _NAME_ is back also xD Our synchronized appearing is fabulous *insta-devours gluten free organic zucchini bread* :D"
175987957,Someone that genuinely cares and is attentive.
175987958,I also took my VRAYLAR last night. I don’t feel as tired but I’m still lethargic feeling. Like I just don’t wanna do anything. I just wanna lay around.
175987959,Your pastor needs his morality checked. Is he worshipping god or his pride? Disgusting.
175987960,"Thank you, I don’t know why I have that fear all the time. Maybe it’s because I grew up homeless on and off."
175987961,The Chronicles of Kerrigan (Box Set ) by _PERSON_ May
175987962,"I’ve been up and out doing things since 8am , it’s 2pm now so I think now is pajama and relax time"
175987963,"I took my morning meds around 4:30 AM this morning, and I took my night meds last night around 9."
175987964,"Hi everybody, Been cold here this week except for yesterday which was nice. A little windy but not too cold. I expect more snow though soon. I hope you all had a good week. Thanksgiving soon. Hopefully shopping today for stuff for the big dnner. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175987965,The neighbors have opened the window for their dog and he’s barking at everything...it’s 46 degrees....
175987966,All I can do is zone out. I can't initiate any task or learning to do. I literally can't do anything. It's too late - I'll be sleeping soon I guess so might as well watch Netflix or something. It sucks because I NEED to be productive. Coronavirus..
175987967,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, you may also want to ask your question in our Coronavirus community. It is specifically for all things relating to Covid-19 and has over 1,200 members. You can read more by clicking the link below. Inspire community: Coronavirus We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175987968,"My emotions are everywhere right now, and I can't tell which one I ought to feel other than confused and frustrated like never before."
175987969,Sounds perfect...we might go out to the park today....
175987970,Scientifically when you hug for more than 30 seconds the body naturally release Oxytocin which is like a naturally producing dopamine in the body. I love productive hugs that release Oxytocin and strong confident hang shakes!
175987971,I guess I'm okay. I am so sick of this lockdown. I've been confined to my bed for over 2 months now. Just my third of the room. Feel like I'm coming unglued. And I've developed some weird skin issues too. Are you okay?
175987972,Unfortunately all of the doctors I’ve had are very adamant that what I’m experiencing is anxiety and they don’t think seeing a cardiologist is necessary.
175987973,"Flowers and chocolate from my boss for _NAME_'s day. Awe! Attached Images V-Day flowers.jpg (329.7 KB, 10 views)"
174385497,What is a CSU? I'm glad you feel better.
175987974,Can you talk to the owners or managers to verify that you’re ok? Honestly this reminds me of that dream where you lose all your teeth. Apparently its a common dream that means you’re afraid of losing what you have because things are going so well. So maybe you’re really happy where you’re at and afraid it will all be taken away?
175987975,"Just saw someone on the internet refer to mayonnaise as ""egg cummies"""
174385492,"I got extensive testing when I went through this job rehabilitation program. 3-4 maybe 5 hours straight of IQ testing, psychological testing, etc. Only for them to say I have schizophrenia and agoraphobia. Probably some other things too that I forgot."
175987976,Half a turkey sandwich
175987977,New phone cases and Powerbeats pro wireless earphones to go with my new phone. And a new wallet since the one I currently have is about 6 years old. A dvd of the movie Fury
175987978,Lovely!......
175987979,Well I guess I’m ****_NAME_ now and have to make changes. Earlier I was doing laundry and went up and down two flights of stairs and was winded and had a little trouble catching my breath. Never happened to me before. I was embarrassed. So now my mom is all worried about me and wants me to call the doc on Monday so I can get an in person appointment and get him to check me out. I don’t think I eat too much food but sometimes it’s like pizza and burgers and tacos. The weight gain is from lack of exercise and medication I think mainly. But I gotta start something. Changes must be made. I was this size before but I guess I’m in worse shape than I was before. Embarrassing really. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175987980,"Hi, I'm Rich aka Older Guy, Just want to check in as I start a week of being alone in the house while we are showing the house to sell it. My sister, who I live with, is taking off on a week-long trip. I'll be in charge of getting the house ready for any showings that happen, which includes taking the dog along with me when I leave the house so the realtor can show it. I am basically ok, but anxiety does crop up. I have been using prayer from my 12-step program (Al-Anon), also learning to detach and taking it one day at a time. Of course I don't like that a call can come at any time, though so far (for about the last 5 weeks) they are usually in the afternoon and sometimes early evening. Here's hoping things go well. Feedback welcome. Love, Rich"
175987981,"I usually watch any of my saved wild life clips from my favourite documentaries on my phone. Feed stray animals is very helpful to calm myself and in the morning i keep any food that is ok for birds to eat, by my window so. I could hear them chirping outside. Eating sweets especially chocolate do the magic for my brain."
175987982,Tonight we order dinner in to support local restaurants. I'm trying to decide what I want to eat....
175987983,"Also, I have an intake for an IOP tomorrow. Cause I've really been going downhill lately. Ever since I had to come home from ****ing Argentina I have had a really, really tough time, like something isn't right. I've had SUCH a hard time adjusting. It has been impossible. No one gets my pain."
175987984,i wanna scream my pain i want to answer when my parents ask me what's wrong with me just say mom i was raped by my teacher when i was 10 years old and somehow all those feeling that i kept inside are getting stronger and I don't think i can keep them in any longer
174385499,"Hello after taking six years (for the docs ) to discover that I was not suffering from depression but that i was bipolar 11. I have been on Lamotrigine (350 mg ) for one year and it has helped me a lot.But ,I am still missing a little booster to make me feel good.I have tried prozac ,latuda,seroquel,risperidone and five days ago I was switched to Abily. All of these meds had terrible side effects and i took some for two weeks and some others fo two months. The prozac sent me into a depression and kept me there until I put it in the garbage.The abilify gives me a headache (feel queasy )and it makes feel so restless that I cannot stop moving around . This will last about 7 to 8 hours. I am on 1 mg of abilify for two weeks and then up to 2 mg.Here in Canada,the Abilify comes in a 2 mg pill.It is very small and to get the 1 mg you cut it in half.so,i am going to cut that half in half and try taking one quarter mg per day. If the side effects are tolerable i will move u to 1 mg in 3-4 weeks.After going 
though 17 anti - depressants in 6 years (which were only making me worse ) and now these antiphycotiques you can understand that I am getting feed up with this S. . . T Any one have suggestions ???"
175987985,Yay! That sounds fun!
175987986,"I understand how you are feeling. Even when it’s planned, it can trigger anxiety by questioning if you’ll be a good mom, having a loving home, repeat childhood traumas, etc. I’ve been told it’s totally normal to feel anxious about being pregnant, especially when you’re already prone to it. May I ask if you have a partner to support you or will you be doing it on your own? I’ll keep you in my thoughts and prayers."
175987987,Identity disturbance from PTSD? Could it be that?
174385531,_PERSON_ never mind clozaril won't be ready until tomorrow
174385526,"I don't like having ""schizophrenia"". Can someone make it go away please?"
175987988,Thanks _NAME_
175987989,"As usual, it wasn't as bad as the anticipatory dread. At one point I was actually enjoying pretending to be all normal and sh*t. Eventually my 'banality blocker' stopped functioning and I became intolerably bored. Always go to parties alone; that way you don't have to convince someone else to leave. Social media is a limp dick. Think of all the movements from the 60's that affected change without social media. The only way to manipulate the masses through social media is to do it subliminally, like the Russians. Almost three years of #metoo and bitches still be getting raped."
175987990,"The Bell Jar was kinda sad, but it wasn't depressing. Idk. Maybe I'm in a good place that it didnt depress me. Especially the ending seemed to end on a semi happy note."
175987991,Did your symptoms come on quickly?
175987992,Our COVID stats.
175987993,an iced coffee
175987994,I always miss my cats when I'm gone most of the day
175987995,I just feel I can’t do anything right. At work or school. I feel I’m going to fail my exam and I keep making errors at work. Ugh.
175987996,Thanks _AT_MENTION_
175987997,"So true. I crave sweetness. I remember being at a guys house, got stoned and he had no food I found a bag of rice then had to wait for it to cook and with trembling hands I added half a bag of sugar before devouring it. I discovered over the years that the trick is to eat well before a smoke, then the munchies do not hit so hard and one doesn't wipe oneself out with food. I am fussy. Don't like hydroponic ( has to be organically home grown) and I prefer indica strains to sativa. I have lots of stories about good and bad experiences. I Love the right stuff and would like to spend the rest of my later years getting stoned daily."
175987998,"Idk I'm just frustrated with my weight. I'm doing things to help improve that though so I'll see where that goes. I worry about things like getting metabolic syndrome, diabetes or developing dementia later in life as a result. It's really not bad taking them, it's worth it but I just get worried sometimes"
175987999,"Hi, nice to online “meet” you. I love the idea of the window swap. I’ll check that out. ? I’m here if you ever want to chat too & I’ll look out for your posts."
175988000,Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175988001,I’m so glad I heard from you SC I didn’t realize you don’t log in much to the weekly Today I called my employee assistance number and talked to the legal dept I can have a free consultation and 25% off normal fees with 3 lawyers in the area Next week..... I have to get through this weekend first
175988002,"Hello, That must be so difficult, doing studies completely online all of the sudden, in this quite unusual time. How long have you struggled with depression and anxiety? Medication isn’t always the answer, but counseling almost always helps. When you see a counselor, they can make the decision if you need the assistance of medication or not. I have been on medication here and there… I forget to take it for a while and start to go back into depression so deeply I realize it does actually work. However, recently it hasn’t been near as effective as when I was first prescribed it (not sure why). If you’re not comfortable with going to see a counselor (and it can get expensive, but It’s worth it if it works), you can also text 741741, the crisis textline (if you’re from the US), it’s free. And, it connects you to a professional counselor, but is a lot calmer of a setting, because you don’t have to actually face someone to talk about your feelings. They’ve helped me a lot. I struggle wi
th accepting my body, and want to lose weight desperately as well, although I recognize I don’t actually need to. And what I’d suggest for this is taking a few minutes each evening in front of the mirror, just giving a good look at your body, running your hands over the areas you’re uncomfortable with. It’s helped me to accept my curves and like my body a (eensie weensie) bit more. But I think it does actually help. And, if you recognize you do have an eating disorder, feel free to join the eating disorders group on here… and discuss what’s going on. I’m on it, just haven’t decided to post anything yet… As far as depression and anxiety, I’d suggest looking for things that help relax you and your nerves, calm you down, and make you happy. For me, this includes bath bombs, reading books, doing puzzles, listening to calming instrumentals from YouTube, meditating, yoga, and of course – finding someone to help out on here. I have a few side hobbies I do as well, that keep me busy and keeps my 
mind from running its own show. It must be hard to have all of these things going on in your head – things that others aren’t aware of. You deserve to feel validated, these feelings are very real and can affect us a lot. It must be hard for you, knowing that these feelings are affecting relationships in a negative way, and I suggest getting help ASAP, because depression and anxiety can sometimes end relationships. We’re all here for you, keep strong and keep fighting! Thank you for reaching out and I hope something I said helps!"
175988003,"Possible trigger: I've been feeling depressed and suicidal.. like really badly. My sister gave me the number to a crisis line but they probably can't do anything for me anyway and I don't feel like I'm in crisis, I feel like my feelings are completely rational. I have no reason to live and just feel stuck"
175988004,"From the birth day of sz ,during the first month and under the effect of medical intervention Difficulty on focusing attention on a specific topic during a period of bilateral dialogue with others,due to a change (dispersion) in the direction of the attention arrow towards another topic(s) that are irrelevant the topic of interest Great difficulty in connecting the current idea (present) with the previous one (past) or the next (future) The difficulty in organizing the output of several ideas one after the other in a connected meaning context In most of cases,the person has difficulty to directing the arrow of attention towards a specific topic,and greater difficulty in maintaining this direction for a period of time (the time of dialogue with other,because listening to any single phonemic thought (during the path of bilateral dialogue with friends ) that broadcasting by the hallucination has makes a dispersion process for the attention factor immediately without any exception ! The effect of the p
honemic emitter on the auditory perception regions is much stronger than the effectiveness of all regulating / distracting factors whatever they are !"
175988005,I am currently diagnosed with schizo affective disorder. But the mayor where I live has recently issued a work from home/stay home order which has been mandated starting today march 23 . I at the same time understand the importance of this so the amount of coronavirus cases cannot continue to grow. But I am also struggling to stay one sided and comply with the mandate probably because I have never dealt with this situation before . I am currently a support group facilitator for a mental health consumer run organization. The place where the group meetings are usually held has decided to ban the publics' privileges of using their conference room specifically because of this pandemic. So now I am not able to work . My lack of preparedness and self discipline could be making me feel this why. I just don't know what its like to isolate since I am so used to socializing and communicating with others in person as part of my job as a support group facilitator. I am open to any kind of helpful suggestion as 
to how this pandemic can benefit me in terms of personal growth or anything at all really.
175988006,60mg Vyvanse - Good focus. I read those articles that I couldn't read last night in like 5 minutes. That's nuts.
174385576,Can you ask your pdoc if you can just take your full dose of geodon at night like i do? I don't have any issues doing that. I take 120mgs at around 6-7pm and it works fine.
175988007,"Brothers fight. For me, I don't care for my things so if someone uses and breaks my things, I just buy a new thing. Although I clean all of my things and put just enough maintenance to get by - It's all automatic. But don't take my advice. It seems to work for me - I have problems of my own. My mom tells me to take out my sisters garbage from her room. She eats fast food and I'm like ""Emotional eating doesn't make sense - Just inject sugar"" (In my head I say). She doesn't say thank you but am I gonna say ""You didn't say thank you?""... No.. My mom tells me to take out the kitchen garbage so I tie it up and every time she says ""Oh no wait a second, untie it - I have something to put in it"" - So I untie it again.. These things are entertaining to me. I don't change people in any way. I never tell people what to do because I've been told what to do all my life - Now I don't know what to do myself - I've literally been a slave and have has felt so much pain and dysphoria from injustice of having n
o identity, and awakened I've become - Flawed and can handle anything. Especially feeling intense fear. I don't know how many brain cells I have left (The one's that didn't commit suicide). I don't know why they stuck around. You did something that you knew could cause a possible reaction - But out of intent to solve a problem. Hopefully he will change - Or hate you for a while. In the end, life is love, laughter and family with bittersweet tears in the end. You'll be good. Don't worry about it. Tell your parents to make him pay a certain fee for car rent."
175988008,"I joined this because I knew you all were the only people who could possibly understand what I feel. I want to talk about grief. I don’t feel grief because I’ve lost something. I feel grief because I’ve convinced myself that I won’t have something. I’ve convinced myself that I’ll never be loved by someone, romantically at least. With everything I am and have, it’s impossible for someone to love me for the way I am. I feel grief over the fact that I won’t ever have that. Does that make sense? I don’t know if it does, but it’s hard to explain the emptiness I feel when I think about the future."
175988009,Derry Girls is a fun lighthearted show. Also The Good Place if anyones not seen that yet
175988010,I had a dentist appointment today. I am not sure how I feel about that. I am willing to bet the slight cold symptoms I am having now are from that. I'm doing fine today. My pdoc called me back. That is good because I like it when they are responsive. I couldn't take it anymore -- I had to take the extra Effexor. Oh and the dentist billed me a ridiculous amount today. Because of X-rays and whatnot. I don't have dental insurance. So.
175988011,no not today
175988012,I think I'm at a low point today. I feel disgusting and obese. I dont wanna shower or clean the house. I'm just a bundle of worries.
175988013,Anyone here
175988014,"O m g, chorizo and eggs? That sounds amazing. I never even thought about mixing the two..."
175988015,No. I don’t see them for awhile.
175988016,This summer I'm going to go ahead and start voc rehab so I can get a part time job
175988017,"Also you mentioned that YOU want him to change .. _NAME_ at this point that’s something he needs to decide on his own, if he doesn’t fully understand the consequences of his own behavior than that falls on him . I strongly believe your fiancé needs help as well . If I may ask how long have you been engaged ? & why did he just get up and leave you in another state ? There’s a lot of red flags here ... help me understand you a little better . Glad you reached out for support !"
175988018,"I was previously separated from my wife and was seeing another woman. Even after I went back, I kept seeing her for a short time. I’ve had depression all my life and now I seem to be anxious most of the time. Let me know if you want to talk."
175988019,"There is different type of wisdom. The magician is about the truth, the Popess about good. The first is scientific, the second is spiritual. Its one thing to know what is, another what to do. The _PERSON_, he's funnily enough a humanist. The picture is the one of Diognenes the Cynic who was looking for a Man at night, but never found one. Pretty much the polar bear lifestyle. Simple but efficient. They are different questions. The magician can do bad things, like the sorcerer, or the witch. On the other hand, the _PERSON_ can become delusional or ineffective. Ideally they work together. There are two type of justice, one is distributive (scale), the other retributive (sword). The first is about equality, the other right and wrong, cutting the bad from the wrong. The crown is authority. Like I said earlier, water is usually emotions and a feminine principle, the earth is the masculine principle, so bodies of some sort. A lot of time though, they have the head in the sky and are in movement, represen
ting air and fire as well. Like temperance, she has foot in water, or is walking on water, and that's because temperance deals with emotions. But like in the card of the Star, it represents eternity, or everything. Seven is the divine number, so in that card, you have all the divine, and all the material. That what it suggest to me anyway, I am not an expert. It could mean harmony between he above and below. Its what the magician studies essentially. Magis were astrologers. They predicted the future by looking at the stars, roughly speaking. Or by looking at principles and the divine order. You mean between, the magician and the illusionist? They both deal with the invisible, but one is predictable, the other uncertain. Its the same as the difference between pure science and social science. One is based on laws that always work, the other is about correlations which may or may not have the same cause. If you find the continuum, you will have found the theory of everything. They seem like separate but compleme
ntary concepts, that's how I see it. I suppose for a good show you need both. Yeah, when I say idealism, I don't mean moral stuff. I mean like the above. The illusionist is an idealist. Just the same as the humanist, who believes in a Man that cannot be perceived or found. You can find things that looks like a Man, but never Man itself. Or just like today, when people seek the Climate, but can't find it, but assume it is changing, probably why it stays hidden. Yes, it would be, because they have values. Values is to morality what idealism is to science. Its for wannabe humans. If they break their toys, that is bad. Put hand on the stove, bad too. It depends what you mean by bad, but for someone that deals in absolutes, then, yes, children are innocent, since they don't know yet they have to be human, so they just do what primates do, and in that sense, they are still pure. Yes, essentially, but she also gives nurturing and grace to those below. So it is not just giving a choice and deal with it, there is prod
ding towards the right choice. Probably grace or something like that. The right attitude. You described merchants and artisans. Its got to do with transformation of materials, just like artists as well. Fame and money, which are based on chance. You can bet on them, but never be sure it will work out the way you want. Most likely it won't. The magician does not deal in chance. Truth is not a _USER_ID_. If you see a magician in there, it is an illusionist. Even the best engineer, can see his bridge collapse due to unforeseen circumstances, and no matter the amount of failsafe, there is always a chance things will go wrong. So the magician is like the philosopher in theory, but in practice, he falls into the wheel of fortune as soon as he makes a spell. But some things are more sure than others, so i guess it is where you would get your continuum, in practice. But in theory, they are opposite. Its the difference between form and matter. Here, you can look at this link, it explains a bit the distinctions. https:
//www.econstor.eu/obitstream/1041 ... 413212.pdf They are roles. Those roles can be reversed, but the card is the same. Although today's politicians are more like the hangman. I don't know, they look like priests or bishops. They are different interpretations. There isn't really a cannon story in the DC universe, just bits and pieces people can take and make a new story with. They connect to some degree, but if _NAME_ does not put _NAME_ in his movies, then she is simply not part of his story and his character. Strictly speaking an individual is only a unit. The idea of authenticity, see, is only a moral stance that is only meaningful in society. Its a primate value. Its meaningless if you truly are an individual, you just are, and the idea of authenticity does not even come. How can you not be yourself? it is simply impossible. You have to assume deception for it to have meaning in the first place. If there is no deception, there is no authenticity. But you have to create deception first, just like a primate 
will create a human in order to dehumanize. Its just classic MO. But why care about those illusions in the first place? that is what I am asking. Just for the joy of denying them? People had to create a flat Earth in order to denounced them people that believe in it. This is just insanity. Then some trolls come around, and say, ""yeah, I believe in a flat earth. "". And then there is a meltdown. They aren't supposed to cater to psychiatric categories, so its all good. And again, those categories are also made up, in order to denounce them. They are those dehumanized categories, but you had to create humanity first. But then when asked deny you believe in it, which is where people are at, they can't even claim they know what a human is, just what it isn't, which is usually everybody else. Probably not too many, but motive is irrelevant. Today anyway, but the people that created humans knew totally well what they were doing. They knew what it entailed, and that included obviously pride and a destruction of soci
al fabric. And that meant freedom. They also knew, of were told, that this freedom would enslave them, but they did not believe that, or denied it, whatever. Almost everybody. Everybody dreams to be a tyrant in his own little kingdom. Activism is about destroying other kingdom in order to achieve that security and freedom. Which is why it is not achieved. I have no problem with people seeking unhappiness, I just wonder why they complain about it. But then again, it would not matter, but they seek to destroy other's happiness as well, so that is where it must stop. Its freedom, their goal is not to be happy, as you said, its to be human and free. So its all good. Just stay out of bear territory. That's freedom and being human as well, just stay out of bear land. The goal of humanism is to separate people so they are free, and happiness is not the goal, so hurting is quite normal, as well as being separate. I am not sure why you find that an issue. yes, nobody can flee the consequences of it. Its only one form 
though, like a hydra, it has many heads. You don't see guys like _PERSON_? he is pretty obvious. People see a con man, and they accuse him of being a con man. Then he does con man stuff instead of apologizing. Minds blown. Of course they do. Children learn to lie around four or five years old, they just forget why they do it, but at some point they knew. Then they pretend to be a husband or a wife, while cheating, or they pretend to be a worker, while stealing, etc. The idea people don't do this consciously is just funny. The problem is not that they do it, it is to be called on it. That is the difference between now and then. There was a time when some things could be called up, not anymore. Lies are simply everywhere, which again, was the goal, because no lie means no morality. So freedom. Its not even complicated. But like I said, this game of masks and unmasking is coming to an end, because it is now too constraining. Besides, they are social roles, which implies there is a social, but individuals are not 
social, so masks will become valueless. That was the humanist project, and still, it just happens to be contradictory. Its like reinventing the wheel. The good breed were aristocrats, but humanists did not find them up to their values, so they got rid of them. They didn't like religious values, or reason eventually so they got rid of them too. Being social is just one of those last values that will go. But creating the perfect human and putting him in charge is a humanist value, its the whole point of it. It just so happens not to exist. You can teach tricks to a primate, he will never be human, it will just be a mask. A perfect human, without criminality or life defect, ready to work. Then you put him in charge, just like you proposed above. Almost every nation in the West had similar programs, and like I said, still do. Its just more covert, and seemingly a choice, but it is there. The handing out of contraceptive for example, started out that way, from a feminist that thought the poor should stop reproduci
ng. It was seen as human. People are confused though, I believe. Master race simply meant in charge of its own destiny, instead of being under a monarch, or the bankers (Jews), or Christianity. That also is the common humanist project, except for the bankers, in this case it is also the socialist project, which is a humanist project. Liberals were fine with bankers, but still were humanists. The main thing here though, is that religion was thought to be life denying, which is not totally untrue, so get rid of it, and you are free to live however you want, as a nation, or a race. Its also based on values and free thinking, and reason and all that, just like you said. It was the same reasons, except that the Nazis were socialists, while Canada was liberal. So while Canadians were sterilizing the poor, the Nazis were sterilizing the rich as well, or at least the idle rich. Anybody idle, because the master race was the same as the working class. The same happened in Russia earlier, so it wasn't exactly a new thin
g either. The idea that you could eradicate crime and poverty by outbreeding them was quite popular and top notch science at the time. Psychiatry was based on that. Psychopaths were the target more often than not, and usually they were low IQ people. People don't realize but work was not optional in those days. You were either a worker or a criminal, how else would you live? there was no social programs, the closest were some sort of labor camps, which were designed to be in terrible conditions, so people would try to get out of them, and find a better job on the free market. So when it comes to the German labor camps, it was the same, except they did not make the people work for something useful, just work for the sake of it, partly out of spite. Lots of people still think that way too. In the US, they have slave labor in prisons, which has become a business. So you either work or are a criminal. Its the same idea, and its a humanist idea. No matter how one defines a human, some people won't fit the ideal. S
ome people won't be part of the group, and then the choices become limited. It usually is extermination, exile, slavery or segregation, and those aren't new problems. It was about getting rid of the monarchy and the religion, at base. Making people into masters instead of slaves. But the thing is that everybody had their own ideas about who would be human and free. Aristocrats thought it would be them, merchants thought it would be them, the workers thought it would be them. But at first, it was the aristocrats that wanted to shed their duties as aristocrats, and become rich, and no more war things. Not for them anyway. Its not. The question is whether being authentic is a good thing, and if it is what people really want. But a deeper question is whether it is even possible to be authentic in society. Diogenes the Cynic was authentic, but people did not appreciate him in the public place, so he lived in his barrel by day, and would venture out at night, but yeah, read the story, you will see why people didn't 
like him in public. Service to God is not humanism, it is its opposite. Its that one thing it rejects, since it is about freedom first, and idealism first as well. I never said there wasn't. Like I said, it is give and take. There is some good and some bad. But it does not matter, it was also an historical necessity. Its not like people had a choice. Its mostly justification of having to adapt to a new environment. A new story, which sounded good for awhile. It still sounds good for most people, they would not want to go back, nor could they really. Sort of. But changing stories does not mean you can ask the right questions either, its just a new story that has to be believed. Really it was economical and due to urbanization. Farm was aristocratic, but the cities were liberal. While the religion worked well in the country, there was a need for different organizations in cities, and the idea of individualism is as such a normal thing, especially since you can't trust the other guy, because he is poor, just lik
e you. Then you have the aristocrat that can avoid fighting, or the merchant that can exploit people. They all want individualism, but humanism sounds better, it suggests something good, some values. Unlikely. They would have needed to change the morality to accept something that they thought was wrong, so why would they do this? would allowing people to ask questions about things they did not care about change they want or need for wealth? not likely. The reason also people wanted free sex, had nothing to do with questioning and truth seeking. Nobody is displacing responsibility. If someone has free sex, there are social consequences. If someone wants free money, there are social consequences. The problem was not that people could not ask questions. They did, but they did not like the answer. And then they refuse to deal with it too, so if there is a displacement, it is there. Its like a criminal that justifies his crime from the fact that there is a law or that they cannot question it. ""Your honor, my stea
ling and abuse is your responsibility, because I could not question the law and do what I wanted."" No, but it is necessary, so might as well do it well if you are to do it. Why feel miserable for something that is necessary? I am sure everybody knows that. ""Faux"" is arguable. People decide the value of things, or people in a liberal society, so that makes it democratic, and humanistic. If a monarch told you your worth, you probably would not like it either, so it only leaves you the narcissistic path, to determine your own value. That's how it was before humanism. You were born with a value, or were given either by the king or the bishop, it was given as a privilege, which was not a right, you had to be good. The only right was from birth, and even then, there were problems of enforcement. You would better have a good army. They scare old ladies in the street. The point of an authority is that you don't have to do the work, not to judge that their work is good or not, otherwise, it defeats the purpose. Jus
t like having a judge, the whole point is that he judges, good or bad, and his decision stands. But people today think they know better, so everybody comes with an opinion. They don't understand the law, don't understand the case, did not listen to the witnesses, did not do the investigation, but they know the right judgement already. So now people complain when justice is done. They simply prefer mob rule to justice. Now, again, this is humanism at work, so it should be no surprise to people if suddenly, kangaroo courts appear, and yo and behold, they do! But those will disappear as well in time, because why even keep the mask, if the prejudice is there already? why even loose time and pretend? Its the same in politics. The point of voting representative is that you trust them. But people vote people they don't trust, don't trust their decisions, and simply hate them pretty fast, so again, what is the point? its not an authority anymore, just some clown trying to survive mob rule, and people that think they 
know better, yet make zero efforts to know about the issue, but they have opinions, and are sure that it is a better opinion than the opinion of their representative, so what's the point, why keep the charade? Actually, the whole thing is old, Saint _NAME_ was talking about it in his time as well. People would come and see him, but would tell him what Christianity was, while he was the bishop, so he should know, so he asks, why are you coming in the first place, if you have all the answers? the whole point is that you don't know, otherwise, what's the point? So in school, you have the same. Children know all the answers already, and if a teacher fails, he gets denounced. Or it could be their parents, or whoever. So what's the point of education? children know everything anyway, so why pretend? why not just stay all knowing in a corner? they could take soap boxes and preach instead, not that anybody would care, but there are _PERSON_. At least people still trust their smart phone, but how long will they realiz
e someone fallible wrote the code? So yeah, you can see that all over the place, even auto-diagnosis is another one. They ask the opinion of a psychiatrist, and refuse the diagnosis, so what's the point, and what is their authority? there isn't any. And its not because they are perfect, but either you believe in it or you don't. What's weird is to pretend to believe and make stuff up. So I come back to the fundamental issue of humanism. People will have to decide to actually become human and responsible, or believe in authority. Can't have both at the same time, they are in the end incompatible, just like democracy is incompatible with kings, or with religion, or with science. But people have a problem with that, they want their opinion to be true, just because it is their opinion, so what gives? People wanted to be free to have drugs and sex trade workers, it comes with problems, which everybody knows about. Its part of the risk, part of the plan. If an authority said: ""this is wrong"", people would panic a
nd revolt. So people say it is good, and too bad for the consequences. You can't monitor people all the time, and even if you did, people would complain. The whole point of freeing people was to give them choice to do what they wanted, not to magically change the world. You can't protect people that don't want to be protected in the first place. Security and peace was never part of the humanist project, nor was anything good. On the contrary, peace and security was an opium, only there to stop people from revolting, supposedly. It forced them to accept their lot in life, so it was not life affirming. People wanted life affirmation, the potential to do the wrong thing, so they did. If they hadn't, then it would mean they aren't free. People want to prove that they are free, so they make mistakes and wrong things, willingly. Why not sterilize Hollywood? most of them are addicts. So that's the reason, most addicts are rich and people want to have sex with them, and have maybe babies with good genes. I don't know 
why. I guess it is considered taking advantage of people, and serves no purpose. And then there is the problem of consent. Maybe they consent then, but later on change their minds, so what then? people came back an regretted, and asked why the authorities did nothing to stop this, and why they were given the choice? why did they not take their responsibility? then the courts agree, and give compensations. Same with those sex change things. People find it unbearable that people don't have the choice, then some change their minds, and it is considered awful, and a human rights violations, and why did the authorities allow that? so it goes back and forth like that. Whatever society does, it is always wrong. Double bind. That would be great. No, in becoming political and giving validation for people's feelings, and the politics of the day. But social sciences themselves are delusional, it is only stats, and stats aren't real. But if someone wants to build a bridge, and they don't know anything about bridge buildi
ng, its the intention that counts, so people should just allow, or if they write a paper, it should be validated and put on the fridge for everyone to see. Yeah, I get it, tragedy porn. I don't think it is an opportunity, you have to have the right feeling, and people are watching you, so you better bellyfeel the whole thing in the politically appropriate way, or else, you will become a non person. Right. I did not know attachment theory was now illegal, its good to know. Not that I ever cared about it. Yes, its normal. If you give people the choice, they might not make the right choice. So if you want secularism and give people the choice, some might want superstition. But its okay, as long as it is not true. Until it isn't of course, then people looses their mind. Its like the little Gremlins. They are cute, until you feed them at night. By pure awesomeness. The talk about spiders, and the whole thing made me think of this comic. https://tinyurl.com/rq2sac5 Story of an aristocrat, dealing with two humanists
, one a hero, the other a villain, and he wins, thus fulfilling his destiny. Spiders have a central role. -- Thu Feb 13, 2020 3:37 pm -- Not sure, you were censured. I'd say though, the Lovers, are doing the right thing, so not having sex, The Devil though, is the opposite. That is the basic choice, which people have problem with. In the second, they are chained to their passions. In the first, they are happy in the Garden. Traditionally, the _USER_ID_ has the power of the key, so can ""forgive"" the actions and roll back the consequences of their action if they repent and of course stop doing this. That is opposed to the view that is more common in the world, that one bad action is a death sentence, at least in a social way, but sometimes literally. Not just you, but your family and descendants. In a few hundred years, people will read Facebook, in search of dirt on their enemies, see if their grandparents did not have suspect opinions. Just like you being edited is suspect."
175988020,"My theory was it was pollens and grass seeds as it only happens in summer for me. My cat dribbles her saliva on my face sometimes and I don't react , except to say yuck! But maybe if it's dried its different. Sometimes she licks my hands so when I pet her I end up grooming her with her own saliva."
175988021,"I wish my mom realize that. She'll buy me anything if I asked for it (at a reasonable price) but she's always working and never spent much time with me. Despite difficulties in the past of her not being able to afford a lot she did buy me lots of things like clothes and toys because she worked at a retail store not only that with her taxes she would throw me a birthday party as a kid. I felt closer to my grandmother because she's the one that raised me as a child while my mom was at work. I wish my mom knew that but she's more worried about putting food on the table and a roof under my head. We fought a lot and it got physical between us. I never hit her but she'd punch and hit me, hold me down, and forcefully grab me to the point of bruising me. She threaten to beat my *** all the time and when I turned 18 she tell me that it was no longer child abuse and she can beat my *** now. At least now we have a better relationship."
175988022,"getting by said... Hi _PERSON_. It feels like winter now. We got a lot of snow in the last couple of days. Hubby trying to snow blow it all. I guess it is due, it is December after all. Had a pretty good week this week. Nothing really bad happened. Haven't been anywhere though so I guess it is par for the course. I hope you all had a good week. Thanks for the post _PERSON_. Hugs, _NAME_... I’ve never had to snow blow before as I live in the South although I do like snow every now and then. Our summers down here can be brutally hot and humid. I wish I lived in a more balanced climate. I hope your week is going well. Christmas is so close.."
174385588,"U know what I have seriously wondered about? If a person who never sees things when not on drugs, and takes like a hit of acid, and hallucinates, do u think if u, since u do see things, take A hit of acid , maybe it'll have opposite affect?"
175988023,Joy Joy Joy
175988024,Yep and shaved the dome
175988025,That's awesome _AT_MENTION_ !
175988026,"I just had mac and cheese, chicken, an apple, and girl scout cookies--thin mint"
175988027,Good morning.. Waking up. Having coffee. I feel slow this morning. I hope the coffee does something.
175988028,"None of us know for sure yet. Getting the vaccine is a decision every one will have to make based on the information available. The polio vaccine was controversial when it first came out as well. But I'm glad my parents made sure I got it. You can't figure everything out, we are all taking a chance at this point."
175988029,"My voices rarely spoke to one another, I believe it only happened once...."
175988030,I’m sad and I don’t know why.
175988031,"The main thing is for them not to be judgemental, I guess. To feel supported, and etc. But you probably already know this, because it is fundamental. :)"
175988032,"Plastic bags are being banned here beginning in March. I'm pretty glad about it, I use my own cloth bags as much as possible anyway. They can still use them in certain instances like for those on WIC or SNAP which is fine and certain types of food purchases and charge people not on public assistance for them or decide to give out paper bags, but it will cut down on a ton of plastic in the environment, hopefully at least, I really worry about the future of the world/environment"
174385606,"I don't think anyone else would be reckless enough to experiment on themselves like I did unless they're young, immature and on a high dose of Abilify (It made me have ""zero insight to risk""). When I was put on the Invega, I noticed a massive difference in how my paranoia went away. I started socializing again - But it was also after the psilocybin overdose. My paranoia was so bad on Abilify but I had no delusions. Now I get delusions."
175988033,Yeah I'm super excited!
175988034,"Argh life..... What a meglamanic existance of political war mungering madness. Who is rich and famous.... Can we start over? I wish. This planet is gone...its demise is nigh. Can i crawl back into the womb and not fertalise? _NAME_... From megadeth says it well in the song peace sells. Peace sells, but who's buying? No money in peace...peace...i long for a peaceful world but..... I rant. Am sore... Pissed off with a few things. HT"
175988035,Took a shower then had some cake. Relaxing for the evening. Getting up super early tomorrow to get the rest of my grocery shopping done. Then I won’t have to go anywhere for a couple weeks. Gotta clean and do laundry too
175988036,Its going to take some time getting use to this new keyboard. The keys are a little bigger than my previous laptops but the screen is still a 13.4 inch one. That's the sweet spot for me. I want something light in my lap. Unless you're a woman of course. hahaha. periods.
175988037,"It sounds like the 70% of the time you feel bad , drains you emotionally and physically so you feel nothing then. But at least it means you DO FEEL something and that is a good platform to work off. There would be less hope if you felt nothing, good or bad, all the time. Sounds like you need someone or something to help you -transform your capacity to feel bad into a capacity to feel good. - transform your feelings of 'fear' ( anxiety) into self worth - Let go of the expectation or need for your therapist to care about you. ( less attachment) You say you used to enjoy life? It may be worth going back to that point in time and figuring out what changed your perception of life so radically. I relate to how you feel and have found over the years that doing affirmations that condition me to feel good about myself, help. Rather than focus on being an outsider or different, I try and accept and feel good about 'being different'. Currently I am battling with the loneliness and boredom; the feelings of emp
tiness etc. that come with not having the same social or other interests as other people; finding people disappointing, boring etc. Trying not to hate them, or myself ... It is a continuous battle with occasional moments of reprieve. I know meditation and altering my perception is the answer but have not the discipline to do it these days. Basically I am tired of trying. If I was in a position to, I would try psychedelic therapy. It has worked very well for a friend of mine. This might interest you. https://kahpi.net/"
175988038,"Hearing stuff a bit. 2 men’s voices. I think it’s cuz I didn’t get enough sleep. Part of me feels depressed but part of me is still excited and open to opportunities for the future. But the excitement is more than the need to sleep every once and awhile. I’m not super depressed. I would say more that I’m sad because I’m not having depression symptoms other than sadness. I’m eating and sleeping a decent amount. My excitement is all about receiving notifications and emails regarding my personal career. Every time I get a noti of an app I get excited. I haven’t been getting much sleep at all. But rightfully so, with everything going on in my life that is good. A few bad things like with my parents recently. But everything is ok now I think with them. _PERSON_ said my eyes are dark under my eyes."
175988039,iq tests are really horrible about actually measuring intelligence tbh
175988040,Yeah lol I mean I got in there in time to turn off the burner and my friend put out the fire.
175988041,"I had depersonalization and derealization last night after the Vyvanse wore off so I took my 10mg of olanzepine and the atenolol - I didn't panic though. I was pretty calm - It just felt like I was tripping. I was having OCD thoughts and depressive symptoms before it happened. It's very very bizarre. I took 0.25mg of clonazepam and 3.75mg of zopiclone, made chamomile tea then it went away before I went to sleep. I decided to take 30mg of Vyvanse at 10:30am and another 30mg at 12pm - So hopefully that will prolong the duration of before the crash."
175988042,"I need to get more wax tarts for my scentsy Just did some yoga then took a shower, telling myself I'm calm and peaceful. So far I've been able to keep the agitation away today"
175988043,"Did my nails again, this time a deep red, and on one nail on each hand shimmery silver color"
175988044,I looked that up and it made me cringe.
174385633,"I'm still taking triple strength fish oil as well just for the hell of it. Not sure it really helps considering I was taking it for 3 straight years prior to schizophrenia onset, along with 2 protein shakes a day, working out every other day, and being a vegetarian (minus the fish oil of course, no real substitute for it.)"
175988045,I just dj’d at a virtual club that looked like LA. _PERSON_.
175988046,Don’t feel well. Everything is stressing today. I’m eating cups of ice cream.
175988047,Doing a second load of laundry
175988048,Great book. Jerk.
175988049,"I got my Ancestry DNA results; 36.9% British and Irish, 35.8% French and German , 6.8% Italian, 1.2% Spanish and Portuguese, Ashkenazi Jewish 1.2%, North West Asian 2.7%, and 0.4% Native American"
175988050,"Does alcohol make your symptoms worse? I know you said your doctor said you can drink some if you want to. I think you’ll be okay if you don’t go overboard with it, unless it makes your symptoms worse. Then you may want to avoid it. Nothing wrong with cake! Sorry you feel like you’re a cyborg. That’s definitely a delusion. Especially when you feel things that aren’t there. I have a reoccurring delusion that I think there are chemicals in my veins killing me and I can feel them moving through me but my doctor said that’s a paranoid delusion. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175988051,Sounds like a good day to me. This place lied to us about this unit having a washer and dryer. We had to take it anyway as we didnt have money or time to go to another place. Luckily they have their own onsite laundromat and our backyard backs up to it.
175988052,Not giving up though. Just sad tonight.
175988053,White chocolate _NAME_ easter bunny
175988054,"Hi all, Just wanted to say I use dr google all the time. Never helped me one bit but hey, no sense in stopping something you like doing. A little humor here. lol. In my case I always felt doing research was helping my cause. I also always thought every ache was cancer. In the end I developed cancer anyway. I would suggest anxiety meds and therapy. Distraction is another good idea. It helps me."
174385640,I'm psychotic No one in my family wants to help me they all say it's gonna go away alone but everyday I get more and more irritated cause I just want them gone. I hear mostly voices they do the usual say things to make me feel bad about myself and make me think people are talking about me and make noises to scare me. Not to mention I'm severely depressed and have severe anxiety and agoraphobia. Hopefully this can help me figure out how to cope with them.
175988055,Nice one SC I saw the Stones last year and they were brilliant hard to believe they are all in their 70's. _PERSON_
175988056,"[QUOTE=Desoxyn;6912099]Going for a hike with my mom. She should be coming home from work soon. I'm making sure that she takes her beta blocker and eats something, drinks water... Then I'm gonna start reading 1984. Until then before that, I'm gonna research about it on the webz. I hope I don't panic tonight.. I smoked a bit of weed to relax because I did that yesterday and didn't have a panic attack..[/QU Just read the paper, 1984 is already come true. Up is down. Our Covid response is perfect! The post office must shut down!! It is for our own good!"
175988057,Yes I took my morning meds and a medication for my migraines and put a prescription cream on my face for the acne.
175988058,I'm dizzy today.
175988059,The Spirituality of Imperfection is good also.
175988060,Ya mine is just outside the neighborhood... A mile tops.
175988061,"Sorry _AT_MENTION_ do you want a job right now? It seems like you've been having a hard time of it lately. Might be more stress than you need. On the other hand, might be good to get out and be doing something on a regular schedule. What do you think? _PERSON_"
175988062,"For me, I did a lot today. It's just so much nonsense. I had depersonalization an hour ago but the olanzepine, atenolol and 0.25mg of clonazepam kicked in and I feel better. My sisters cat got outside and won't come back - It's bothering me. My sister is quarantining at the hotel. My mom is visiting a friend so there's no one home. I just started to feel an impending sense of doom. It could be because of adding the Dexedrine or from taking too low doses of phenibut like what happened last summer. I want to write about what I did today for my memory but I'm just gonna go to sleep. I feel like I can't handle anything when I get dissociation. My brain feels fried. The cat could be meowing all night - Idk why she ventured further away.. It's annoying. I can't control anything - The world, pandemic, money, my own mind.."
175988063,Yes. Felt good.
175988064,"Gonna go preorder animal crossing and cyberpunk 2077 from gamestop today. 5 dollars down to preorder. Then pay for them when on release day when u pick them up. I want animal crossing. _PERSON_ wants cyberpunk 2077. Animal crossing doesnt come out til march and the other, april. But I got a gamestop gift card from my ibotta money."
175988065,"I feel like crap. I woke up with a headache again. Sneezed once. Now my nose is a bit stuffy. _PERSON_, I'm sick."
175988066,That's awesome!
175988067,My alarm went off and I took my AD
175988068,My friend asked me to go out so i showered today.
175988069,"A standing desk – it helps me stay focused, and is better for maintaining weight, and posture. Problem with sitting is it puts too much strain on your neck and back, and allows you to slouch – causes weight gain and fatigue. Main issue with a standing desk is it can wear you out. Also, I feel more obese when I’m standing as I’m acutely aware of my expanding waistline"
175988070,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175988071,I really need to start working out. It would probably be really good for my mental health. I don't know where to start with it though.
175988072,One a day til Christmas?!?!
175988073,They shouldn't have switched my doctors for that one day. They said they were busy that day. And I saw my NP and she said she wasnt busy and doesnt know why they put me with another NP that day. They know better. They really do. They know how important a rapport is to someone with their doctor. And it pisses me off because switching doctors just because they are busy is ineffective in the long term. Doesnt matter how fast they get through the day in the short term. Pisses me off.
175988074,My dr says the same thing stay off the internet when your sick. Now I just don’t know how to get back to zero again it’s like 1 step forward 2 steps back with my anxiety I need help
174385661,Hey _PERSON_. In 2015 they changed the clozapine system so that people with Benign Ethnic Neutropenia can go on the med. Ppl who are either black or mixed have this at a very high rate. So it's very possible you could go on clozapine if that was the health issue.
175988075,"Dear _PERSON_, There is definitely a lot of psychological warfare going on in the modern world. Often it is quite covert and this makes it very insidious I think. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175988076,"Ugh. Just barely had enough money to pay for pdoc. I have 1 dollar left. So embarrassing. She just kept looking at me with her mouth open and then said I could pay the rest next time. I said ""no. I got it...""."
175988077,Lol... Obsessed much?
175988078,It looks like you used a vinegarette or Italian dressing. What did you use? Looks delicious!
175988079,I feel like fiance just tells me to not be dependent on him so he wont have to do anything with me. I know for a fact this wasn't the life I thought I was getting into and isn't exactly what i wanted. But i know if I ever leave him I wont find someone else better.
175988080,Thanks I'll give that a try.
175988081,I don’t feel good physically. I may not be eating enough due to the metformin...
175988082,"HUGS _AT_MENTION_, I'm sorry you are struggling right now. I want you to know you matter to me! _PERSON_"
175988083,I feel like you all the time
175988084,My sister says I have enough on Netflix and Amazon Prime.
175988085,"I was talking to some friends today and we ended up talking about Bitcoin. If I still had my Bitcoin that I had years ago I would probably have close to $120,000. Too bad. Friend of mine was involved in a mining pool years ago and he found his wallet it’s worth $11 lmao."
175988086,"Nice Newtus! Here are mine. The little green one is my personal growth journal with my goals and whatnot, and I also use it to track things like books I read, shows I watch, and a gratitude log. The big green journal is my daily journal where I just write about my days. The purple one is my legend daily planner, the tan one is my gaming journal Attached Images D3CA2C1F-FC8C-4234-B204-F96FE583C7D1.jpg (304.1 KB, 10 views)"
175988087,Yeah that sounds like it. It doesn’t make sense but it’s how I feel sometimes.
175988088,Dr Pepper. I had hard boiled eggs for breakfast and a chocolate croissant
175988089,? For me it’s shutting down my brain to take a nap that’s hard
174385687,"Thank you! I have Humana. I will look into that. _PERSON_, telephone or Zoom would be good for me. I feel better today. My therapist didn't respond today so I decided to switch therapists. I found a good one. It took a few tries. She's already responded. I feel like it's a good fit. So I'll see how it goes."
175988090,"Thank you, for that advise, I really wish I can make it, and I tried, but probably I am the problem here, trying to change somebody who doesn’t need to change, he is who he is by everything he does, is a big big mistake try to change that, I am the needy here, I married Thinking that I will have a partner who can be my companion in life, in my road, and essentially he is, but I have some needs that I need to fulfill and he can’t, he doesn’t have to, because he is who he is. I can’t fulfill his needs, he needs somebody to love him, to accept him, who can deal with the whole thing here, and you know, I realice right now that I sucks as wife. He is a wonderful person, but I can’t do this, I feel so selfish, so bad person, bad wife, bad partner, I can’t handle a difficult situation with my husband"
175988091,I didn’t sleep much last night and now I feel so ****ing jazzed. I don’t need drugs I am drugs.
175988092,Took a couple hour walk. It’s so hot outside. Glad to be back in the cool air
175988093,Finding _NAME_ by _NAME_
174385683,"Since getting the DX of schizoaffective disorder, I've been scared to really tell too many people because of the _USER_ID_. I want to be open with people in my life but thinking back, mostly when I had the DX of depression with psychotic features, I just said the depression part unless I was talking to a professional, or talking on here. But now if I say I have depression, well that's not really true and I'm lying."
175988094,"Does the pdoc know, hon? Med change maybe?"
175988095,"a bit. you use slow burning coals to heat the tobacco and smoke through a hose. the tobacco is coated in flavored syrup. people generally go for the sweet flavors. apple, gummy bears, chocolate mint, etc. sometimes the flavor is mild and sometimes it's sickly (imo)."
175988096,Started a new Roll Call. Will get a link in soon.
175988097,I don’t think I’m unfounded in believing my coworkers are out to get me. There have been files gone missing and information not shared. They don’t like me and theyre trying to ruin me. Get me fired. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988098,Does it help anyone to talk out issues with family or friends? Just wondering. It helps me out a lot to talk to certain people. I cant talk to therapists tho. It's just not the same.
175988099,"Getting into the Halloween spirit. Watched _NAME_ vs _NAME_, haven't seen it in years, one of my favorites."
175988100,"Morning I spent the usual Sunday with my family, visiting and doing laundry. It was a beautiful day outside--sunny and cool again. This morning I woke up not feeling so hot--tired with a sore throat, so I slept in a bit to get some extra rest. I'm feeling better now. Hope everyone is hanging in there today."
175988101,"One morning I woke up a bit disoriented and panicked, sat straight up in the bed and started screaming at my mother as she was trying to calm me down, I was telling her to get out and get away from me and not to touch me, to leave me alone etc. Because, although she was just trying to wake me up for school- I believed she was lab personnel, working for a strange, social experiment which I was in- where I was being watched, monitored like a patient and, made to believe my mother and father were really my mother and father, when in fact they were actually just lab personnel working for the experiment. I also took down notes of the times I woke up in the night because I thought they had significance and that added together in the right way, they created a code that created a message, which the clock was communicating to me? (something larger behind the clock like, something ruling over everyone but there were secrets in the details like this) and I started unifying strange ideologies and finding patte
rns in things that weren't there. Thought about aliens, space, mars, religion, ancient cultures and history, and philosophies, like things about the _PERSON_ code and, _PERSON_, etc, etc. and government conspiracies. And just started linking it all together and thinking about all of it too much and creating patterns out of nothing or, theories and conspiracies that were wild and delusional."
175988102,"No I don't have any crockpot cookbooks, but I find a lot of good recipes on Pinterest Tacos are great! Crockpots are great though. They're so easy. You just basically put everything in and let it cook. I also have this mini/tiny crockpot that came with it that you can use to heat up chocolate and dips, stuff like that. I haven't used that one yet though"
175988103,Gang Stalking: They are Real Predators - YouTube best pod cast
175988104,"I asked the doc. He said probably 85 to 90% of his patients who are on SSRIs drink at least some alcohol. He said a good number of those people have more trouble with heavy red wines that with w wine or beer, but it varies and some people notice no issue at all. He was not recommending drinking but just stating some facts."
175988105,See this one. You doing okay newtus?
175988106,"Oh, wow, this is sooooo different from mine."
175988107,"Negative: Uncle tried to justify why he calls the corona virus the ""Chinese virus"" on my facebook timeline. I said my peace in my post, I wont reply to his comments because he's 60 and should know better. Besides, I have twitter for arguing with strangers so I don't have to argue on facebook with my friends and family, right? lol Positive: Read _NAME_'s Paradise Lost and started _PERSON_ Ethics. I might make a blog post on it so I wont forget anything. I had red beans with rice and smoked sausage for dinner and took care of my dishes. I also got my wireless charger from amazon early. It feels expensive and works like a charm, better than I thought it would. I highly recommend _PERSON_ products like this one. I'm proud of myself with cleaning and sticking to it for another day, and making two meals today. That's a big step for me. I always get **** takeout, every single day. I really made my $130 dollar grocery store visit really count. The only thing I didn't get was ingredients for my chili reci
pe I got from my mom. That's my comfort food. I'm going to get back to reading _PERSON_ Ethics, Ill be back on later. Desoxyn, you _NAME_ like _PERSON_ ethics because it deals with pantheism!"
175988108,I will buy some of _NAME_ plath's books when I get some money
175988109,"I slept good last night. Woke up at 6 then took a shower, and afterward went back to sleep for a couple hours."
175988110,Thanks!
175988111,Hope you feel better _PERSON_
175988112,"And a large portion of females complain about that. For example a man can be an obstetrician but they will never know what it is REALLY like to give birth, so they can never truly understand it in the way a women does…"
175988113,I was able to read 15 pages of my book. Not much compared to what I normally read in one sitting but I'll read some more later.
175988114,"Perhaps, but then perhaps like or unlike you, in all other respects, she is everything I have ever looked for in a woman or 95% anyway. I have been around the ""block"" and dated, not prolifically but a lot. None of my relationships ever ended in anger or rage we just simply parted ways usually on very friendly terms, and on occasion, with a few, we would see each for an occasional date. I have no fear of living alone as I am pretty self-sufficient, but I would prefer to live it with a partner, in particular, her. In the final analysis people with true BPD live with a hyperactive _USER_ID_, or so I am told. This then seems to give false alarms of danger and false alarms of the seriousness of provocation, I know fear can be overcome and my hope was this episodic intense emotional storminess was not actually BPD but some other deep emotional struggle-- I think it is reasonable to presume it is BPD. I did not post to attack her but rather to understand the likely hood of it being BPD. Hence the questi
on originally posted. I have raised the issue with her, and as you can imagine that was not particularly well received."
175988115,It is available as a supplement but I’m not sure it gets to the brain if you eat it......blood brain barrier is hard to pass. It’s a neurochemical though like naturally in your brain......
174385715,"Hi mogli. It is your opinion but many people use anti deps with a mood stabiliser for bi polar...infact it is almost a given. Remember lamotrigine is not a stand alone. It is a great foundation medication that actually works better with an anti dep also it's efficacy is mainly in controlling mamia correcting the chemical mood balance, whereas an anti dep will work specifically the depression. Yes lamo does have anti dep element but in combo with an anti dep it's overall efficacy is better maintained. It maybe your experiemce of your symptomolgy using an anti dep (stand alone) if this is the case i fully agree but if in combo the the experts would disagree. Bi polar....Depression....mania. My research i gleam from two professors. One a clinical psychiatry professor and the world expert on bi polar disorders prof _NAME_. I use lamotrigine and started it many yrs ago whilst being trialled for bi polar. It is showing great efficacy as a mood stabiliser in Australia and consumer sentiment concurs it's i
ncreased benefits with an anti depressant. I preface we all different in the bi polar world. HT."
175988116,Thanks _NAME_! _PERSON_ I should change her name to that or something similar!
175988117,"Okay, so the thing everyone is angry about now (or at least was angry about) is an exercise bike commercial. As usual, I'm the first to hear about it, the last to see it. I wanted to see what all the outrage was about. So, I searched for it on YouTube, found the video, sat on the edge of my seat with my pitchfork in my left hand and my torch my right hand, and I watched the video, ready to go to war, aaaaand... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pShKu2icEYw What in god's name is so offensive about this? I don't understand, I don't. Of all the things wrong with the world, out of all the outrage the general public has and can use to change things, THIS is what everyone is upset about?! What about what's going on in Hong Kong? Oh, that was last month's outrage, okay, forgive me... What about the fact that _NAME_ signed a nine year, 324 MILLION DOLLAR contract with the Yankees? I'm a baseball fan, but holy cracker, the guy throws a small round ball with seams on it. I agree with _NAME_ when he says that i
f _NAME_ can get paid that much, then teachers should get paid at least $60,000 a year. I mean god damn, I'm a die hard baseball fan, and I know _NAME_ is one of the best in the game, and I know the Yankees make literally a billion dollars or more in profits every year, but come on, get upset about that. Everyone in the baseball world is either ""Hurr durr, greedy players!"" or ""hurr durr, greedy owners!"" why does it have to be one side or the other? 2021 is when the new bargaining contract needs to be agreed on, and they're all talking about a strike. Boy howdy, as a baseball fan, that'll be the day. We had a strike in 1994, I was alive but not old enough to remember that, but a strike in 2021? Where _NAME_ gets a 425 million dollar contract, and my team's right fielder gets a 330 million dollar contract? What are we striking against? Is it the minor leaguers that the United States Congress allows the minor league teams to pay them well below minimum wage? Lol, no, no one cares about them... What am I talk
ing about? Oh, yeah... _PERSON_ swag money"
175988118,"Now, you are making me really, really want some hot dogs..."
175988119,I always make hair spiky!... Possible trigger:
175988120,I’m limiting my alcohol more. Give myself breaks and don’t sneak any. I need to find other ways to cope with my emotions and mental health. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988121,I’m so tired 24/7 due to my meds
175988122,This was a creamy version because it got blended and had a some sour cream(fat free) for body.....it tasted incredible there were no complaints there.... I could probably make straight vegetable soup but he seems to have issues with fiber too which asparagus is rich in..... I’m thinking I might have to look for vegan stuff....
175988123,"_PERSON_, I can verify that anxiety can cause BP to rise, sometimes to critical levels because it's happened to me several times in the past year. I am on BP medication anyway but anxiety breaks through that. I have learned that taking slow, deep breaths can bring BP down though. I have white coat syndrome so I monitor my pressure at home and keep a log. Then, when I have a doctor's app't, I bring both my readings and my BP kit with me. I take my own reading after the nurse takes it and my own kit will also show it's elevated, yet at home with the same kit, my pressure is normal, even lower than normal. Also, make sure when your pressure is being taken that your back is supported (against the wall or a chair back), your feet are flat on the floor and ankles not crossed and your sleeves are rolled up (but not constricting). Other factors can make false high readings: having just eaten and exercising within maybe half an hour. But for me it's nerves and anxiety. Sorry you're also experiencing it but 
it's not uncommon. Honest!"
175988124,"Hello asiantamale, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions on Inspire about ""how can I stop lying"" and ""how can I be truthful."" You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the links below. Search: ""how can I stop lying"" Search: ""how can I be truthful"" Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, screening techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175988125,"Thanks, the veg came out better than the chicken though....."
175988126,Cold brewed coffee
175988127,Not I. No one I know either.
175988128,Just finished reading _NAME_ ABC murders
175988129,forum is kinda dead lately
175988130,Sorry you’re sick.....did you get the flu shot? It’s running rampant right now and the shots maybe 50% effective...
175988131,Hi friends. Missed a few days on the roll call but got caught up. SP I'm sorry about your Mom _PERSON_. My Dad is getting rechecked for cancer. He had the screening this month and then sees the doctor in September. He had cancer 10 years ago and beat it but there's a spot that they have been checking that I guess is on his lungs. (He had non-hodgkins lymphoma but the tumor attached to his lung last time.) Scary when someone you love has cancer. BB glad you are getting your yoga stuff and everything Yay! HUGS everyone else! Just read roll call and can't even remember what I just read. Lol. I have a migraine so it's super hard to concentrate. I'm at work but I'm bored already and there's nothing to do and there's no one here.
175988132,Problem? The food issue? I'm trying to jumpstart myself with some music. I usually always used my phone or my laptop. I brought my desktop from my dads house from my room that I rarely used. I love how I can get on it and play my pokemon game on the tv right next to me. This room is a dream come true!
175988133,"I'm reliant on meds. They have changed aspects of my personality but I'm happy to be sane, at least appear so. I work, I drive, I try to achieve. I'm living a good life, but mental illness has affected my life badly I'm striving on and have taught my daughter to do that to."
175988134,How are you doing? Did you sleep ok?
175988135,That is super scary
175988136,But my therapist is packed for two or 3 weeks ahead and I feel fckd cuz I won’t be able to see her.
175988137,Things will get better. They will. Just don't give up.
175988138,"Got my Chinese food Attached Images 0CD663FD-B674-4EFA-A7C5-65EC4EBA5039.jpg (323.6 KB, 10 views)"
174385739,"Anyone have any idea when tiredness from meds wears off? Like specifically abilify and thorazine? I started them over a month ago and am very tired often, or just don't have energy. Maybe it's because I'm not drinking as much coffee now, not really sure."
175988139,"I thought the same thing that being nice to others means leting go of my desires, killing myself for others, i think my definition of good was completely what my father expected, i did ""bad things"", through rocks at a neighbor's dog, but as long as my father didnt care i didnt care. Nowadays i try to steal as much as i can, every single time i get surprised when i dont get shamed for that, i try to steal every time i go shopping but always there is something in me that stays, again _USER_ID_ about stealing by itself, its that ""you have wronged me"" that my father engraved in my brain"
175988140,That's wonderful! I hope you'll like each other and build a great brother and sister bond!
174385760,Stopping Abilify and psychedelic spirituality made me less impulsive and to make better decisions. But also cuz I'm 25 next year and the BRAIN is almost finished developing!.. Unless I have to wait until 30..
175988141,"I was on 20mg of zyprexa for maybe half a year, I had horrible sedation at first. It got a little bit better but never really went away,"
175988142,"Tomorrow is friday. I made it. I talk to my pdoc on monday so I get my sleep meds coming soon. I have no idea what or if I'm every going to be even able to try ketamine. That's a shame that insurance doesn't cover it. When janruary comes around i will talk to my insurance agency, and I will pester them for awhile, hoping to tel them how important it is. Anhedonia is so bad. I feel bad for my coworkers because my social anhedonia is completely flat. I'm cut and dry. Lately my mouth has begun to water around 330pm during work and it gets worse, until i feel a bit nauseous. I even got a migraine last night and i'm not even drinking alcohol. I hope my condition isn't getter worse. I might have done permemant damage... I wish I could know what exactly i can do to get better and what to avoid. Maybe it doesn't help that I don't really eat a lunch, but that's been the case for almost years. I have a bag of chip and a pop/tea. Anybody have ideas what could be wrong? I've been having good dinners with a pro
tein, mutivitamin, fiber supplment (twice a day), and fishoil on top of it."
175988143,"I was having symptoms of psychosis from not taking my stimulant. But it was because I was so tired and in a trance state.. so the type of hallucinations that people with narcolepsy get. I saw my sister transforming into a demon thing in the doorway. But I was thinking.. About how we are brains and we know nothing about the brain and it's all just neurotransmitters and we're just energy or someone's hallucination.. that we are hallucinations.. or a simulation.. I looked at the sun while going skiing and thought.. yeah this is a simulation.. and what about GOD? Is an orgasm GOD like the mantra or what shamans do with their voice to simulate the universe ranging from all vocal chords and then a climax? What about our arms? Everything was made with the ""hand"".. It's all crazy stuff if you go deep into the meaning of things.."
175988144,Whenever I'm outside the past two days breathing in the cold air it feels like there's a knife dragging through my chest
175988145,This is Selene... we got a new cat today...
174385742,I was a little weird today I listened to the same song like 30 times in a row like I was trying to decipher a secret message. Otherwise I’ve been good. Like the occasional odd thing but nothing serious. I see my doctor next week. I’m going to talk to him about changing up the seroquel. Unless I sleep like 12 hours a night I’m a bit groggy in the morning when I wake up. No matter what time I take it. I can’t have that. I work early in the morning and have to focus. I’ve cut back on caffeine and alcohol use. I’ve gotten back into the workout routine I’m doing everything right. I was overweight a few years ago and I started working out. I lost 75lbs through diet and exercise. I realized a little while ago I’ve gained almost all of it back. I’m trying to get into a healthy weight range again and I think the seroquel is holding me back. One of the main causes of my weight gain because I don’t really overeat. So I’m going to talk to my doctor about it all. Like I said before we talke
d about maybe switching to abilify and maybe it’s time. Maybe I can do without or maybe something different. I know at least my doctor will be happy that I’m back to going to the gym and not drinking as much. I have a crush on my doctor and I enjoy seeing him. He probably just thinks I’m crazy.
175988146,You’re fine! You are a good person.
175988147,Idk. He doesn't want to look bad I guess. That's why I'm gonna get a psychiatrist again. I had a severe panic attack 2 hours ago. It faded with 4mg of alprazolam. I shouldn't have taken the extra Vyvanse - which is double the dose of a 5mg Dexedrine tablet that would last 4-6 hours instead of 9-10 hours.
175988148,"Saw lion king, it’s about what I expected..."
175988149,"Busy with my thoughts, that is."
175988150,Because of my sister.....
175988151,It really should! I wrote an article about how great it was for people’s mental health
175988152,"I stayed up five days once, although about halfway through I got 30 minutes in"
175988153,Don't know how that will work because the cheese melts and pretty much goes everywhere...that's just the nature of the dish.
175988154,About your appointments?
175988155,_AT_MENTION_ check with your insurance carrier. Strangely enough I have regular insurance through my husband’s work. They use Beacon health for mental services and after every hospitalization they contacted me and offered their services. At the time I was too paranoid to accept help from an outsider but after a while I wished I had accepted because it seems like a great source of support when navigating MI and insurance issues/coverages
175988156,"Oil is minus 40 dollars a barrel! The economy is dead! Time to go to mars! Even _PERSON_ Tweeted a meme with an astronaut on the moon and an astroid going through the earth and it said ""Oh no the economy!"""
175988157,i got a laptop with some of my biden bucks
175988158,Same try online counseling or online hotlines
175988159,You definitely are my friend! ^^ (Of course to not let it go to full blown mania is a good thing)
175988160,This could be a good distraction for both of you. I would think about it before saying no. It would take both of your minds off of your son's death. Just a thought... Maybe... Hugs _NAME_...
175988161,"Do you like animals? Perhaps you can look for jobs working with them at an animal shelter, animal hospital, pet store. I make extra money on the side dog walking. I love it!"
175988162,Ugh 2 more weeks of work. I wanna get out of this apartment like now.
175988163,Might just sign up as a journalist intern. Ugh. Don’t want to cuz I need money but I guess I’ll just have to have side jobs. Like this streaming thing.
175988164,Oh okay yeah I wasn't sure but just chalked it up to that
175988165,It should go away after awhile. It’s cuz it’s a new feature.
175988166,Oops I ain't paying attention
175988167,with as much stuff I dealt with psych wards I find myself needing to go back and ignoring it until I'm on the edge of madness.
175988168,"I reread this post and i think i understood differently, I think the part of you writing may be your real self, and that may be the reason it takes you so long, im in therapy and i have short moments of my real self coming out and its also very difficult and stressful, i can only assume in therapy those expiriences should be embraced so it would be easier for next time, i dont have this kind of 'real' moments in online forums tho, I usually get them with people who should be considered trustable, my doctor, psychiatriat, closest friend. I think its a good progress if you havent been able to do so sooner, i want to add about the disappointment of not being to be real that i sometimes feel this conflicting power to socialize, espacially when someone gently invite me to be real and participate in the conversation without any pressure, just for my own sake, i just try hard to be real and it doesnt work out, i stay stuck in a mask. The fact that this is possible for you to be a bit real sounds like a gr
eat improvement, i wasnt able to do it before therapy EVER. Good luck"
175988169,"Did my morning yoga earlier, plus 20 squats, 20 sit ups, 40 of these arm circles. Not much but it's a start. Then I'll do my evening yoga tonight"
175988170,"I can't seem to drink plain water lately for some reason. I keep needing to use koolaid in order to drink 8 or more ounces at once. My friend keeps saying I shouldn't drink ""that stuff"". Also, diet root beer."
175988171,Yes I have been. Idk what’s going on. I’ve had this before obviously when I was real sick and other times in between the years. My mom makes me feel bad but thats all who does
175988172,"It's been pretty cool here too _NAME_. Cool and sunny, it's nice to be able to go outside without feeling like I'm walking into an oven lol"
175988173,"Klonopin used to help both for me back when I had it. I'll ask about cogentin, thanks."
174385798,"One day most of our delusions will be real and be normal and psychedelics will save the world and help us overthrow the government a little. Stop the war, deforestation, burning of fossil fuels, dropping bombs, etc.. Mother earth is what we are apart of. Infinite energy - The animals, plants, our hearts. But I endorse psych's for schiz people's, not. They already have the key. And eventually there will be better 33rd generation antipsychotics that are perfect for us and people will say, ""Remember that time that the evil spirits were contacting you? Now we must fight them in the real world of technology to survive"". For surveillance makes everyone act the same. People don't even pass a red light anymore at 3am cuz they know there's a camera watching. Schizophrenia is evolutions byproduct to tell people some sort of random but general skewed truth. But fear not, as we have known too much of what fear is."
175988174,"I don't know if what my therapist does is technically that but I'm familiar with what CBT is, maybe I could learn more about it, maybe I'll see if the library has any books on it. Or maybe I can find stuff online"
174385793,I'm tired but doing ok.
175988175,"I smoke it once, I laughed mechanically without feeling happy 'though. I felt nothing and my mouth was independent from my emotional state. Is it normal? I didn't like it, I felt empty."
175988176,I hope you got some juice since then.
175988177,100 Ways - _PERSON_
175988178,They also talk a lot of crap about everyone in the family on my moms side.
175988179,"I don't know if I have been tested for HPV. The last time I tried to do a Pap Smear, I was so anxious and it hurt so much that the Dr stopped and didn't finish the exam. So, yeah. It's been too long since I've had one and the last one I had I didn't even get results from because it wasn't completed. I really need to get this done tomorrow but I'm not sure I can."
175988180,"So I didn't know where I should put this but I've always posted in here as I suffer from agoraphobia and have for almost 15 years now, so here it goes, 17 days ago I had a stroke, that stroke revealed some very bad things for me, I had a clogged carotid artery on the right side, had to have surgery, other clogged arteries and 5 clots in my system, one ocjed artery supplies circulation to my right arm I guess, they told me that ones not a big deal but to me it is as my BP is 25 points lower on that side than my left, not to mention my right arms always tired, also since my stroke I really don't have a will to keep going, I have nothing to live for it seems, always worried of another stroke, always mad at everything, very short tempered, Dr's say that's because I went through a trauma and my brain needs to reset, but I know deep down it's me wanting to give up, they say it wasn't a bad stroke and I'll fully recover but what about all the clots? What about me worrying 24/7, what about my mental health 
etc etc, I just don't know what to do anymore, do I go on fighting where I'll never win or do I give up? Well my brain return to normal after I get stronger or will I always have these dark thoughts? also I don't want to scare anyone, but if you're dormant/idle like I am without exercising, without getting out of the bed and moving around, you need to start as being dormant like I am 2 Was a contributing factor to why I threw a clot and had a stroke. You don't need to do full on exercises, but just be mobile even if it's jogging in place for 5 min a day."
175988181,Can't wait!
175988182,"HT... For me applying topically works best. You might be able to mix the CBD oil with some coconut oil to make it so you can apply it to your skin in the area of the pain. Some people just put it under their tongues but that doesn't seem to help me. Though it may help you. Hugs, _NAME_... Hi UA!!!"
175988183,"I just googled my full name and some search things and was only able to find my LinkedIn profile so I think I’m good. I don’t use this username anywhere else but here so that’s no worry. I’m open with my mom, my sister, and a couple friends in real life about my mental health. I’m not really too bothered."
175988184,God someone is gonna get mad at me for saying that.. but idc..
175988185,"I think gabapentin would work really well for my anxiety. Because I mostly get physical symptoms, I don't get as many anxious thoughts."
175988186,I understand how you're feeling and I hope you'll pass through it speedily.
174385814,The max dose for that one is supposed to be 3mg so.....
175988187,"I couldn't even take 3.75mg of Remeron without my heart making double beats and stuff. I wonder why that is. I slept worrying about weird palpitations for like a year while taking Seroquel every night to sleep. Ever since I started taking zopiclone 2 months ago, I haven't had ONE palpitation. Not one."
175988188,"If this worked properly, let me know. I think it did. A picture from the hike I did the other day, hehe. Attached Images IMG_0284.jpg (193.6 KB, 8 views)"
175988189,Have butterscotch maple wax melting in my scentsy
175988190,Going to get my shot tomorrow.
175988191,nope hangs head in shame. i just couldn't do it today. but yesterday i did.
175988192,"You've been sleeping like this for months now I think.. It doesn't seem to be getting better.. Am just getting updated thinking - ""Christ - The suffering.. Will she get better?""... What meds are you on? Do you think that it's the meds or depression? Or something else?"
175988193,You will. Hang in there!
175988194,"Hello Harley_Heron5, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself and share your story with our community; we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175988195,Maybe if you go tomorrow or if you walk today you could treat yourself with something later
175988196,Yeah I tend to write out or print out recipes I like online so I have them forever cause I worry about the sites disappearing too. I have a folder full of them
175988197,That's great that you did that. I know I used to get very nervous about things like that but sometimes it has to be done
175988198,prescriptions 3 _NAME_ cards a thinking of you card a get well card ice cream brownie bites cookies rice cakes
175988199,Art supplies for this month have arrived
175988200,Beautiful!
175988201,I hope it will help!!!
175988202,"Possible trigger: I threw up 3 more times. My stomach wont relax either, it wants to tense up and feel sore. I hope I sleep tonight."
175988203,How long does it take tums to work? Ugh.
175988204,Who attacked you for it? And why? Why wouldb ppl give a ###$? Except for family Who verbally attacks you? And why I dont get it
175988205,It means you're vascular. Which means you are lean and also that you may need more water.
175988206,"All meds from my allergic bronchitis are gone and now it is steroid withdrawal time. So not in a good space right now. Anxiety of course is up cause I am withdrawing, but it's okay I am now mending very well. Doing good otherwise."
175988207,"Going off of Xanax tomorrow. Hopefully all goes according to plan. I'm assuming it'll be fine. I don't know why but it seems like my pdoc doesn't like me being on benzos. Maybe it's for a good reason. I don't know. Anyway, just drinking a big coffee right now. I know, it's before bedtime, but whatever. Planned two classes today that I will teach tomorrow. I am not loving being on 10 mg Zyprexa, but whatever controls the thoughts I guess. I am not sure I love being on Zyprexa period. But it seems to control all this doubting I have. I definitely wish I could be on fewer meds."
175988208,Many healing thoughts. HT
175988209,I went to PHP but I didn't sleep yet
175988210,I'm drunk and high. My mom is drunk and high. My sister is high on her bf and cares less if my mom is drunk and high and would care less if she knows I'm drunk and high. My moms bf is drunk and is taking care of her while she is drunk and high.
175988211,"I'm a little sad and lonely tonight. I couldn't sleep. I've been trying to find things to do until I get tired. It's just too quiet. I really wish I had someone to talk to. I was hoping to hear from my half-sister this weekend, but I don't think she will call. I saw something the other day on TikTok that is influencing me. It said, ""Never beg for anyone to give you time. If they wanted to they would."" So if my sister cared, she would call. I've reached out to her enough already. Same with my sister _PERSON_ Same with all the friends who once spoke to me but then disappeared. They were never really my friends, to begin with."
175988212,"I can’t play any instruments and I can’t even sing do re mi right I’ve never been to a concert before, I really want to go to one, one day.."
175988213,I usually get a tiny one but I’m not feeling it this year for some reason.....why not get a fake one?
175988214,"Looking on the search engine for Buspar anti-anxiety medicine that you said you are taking at 10 mg. a day for the last 2-3 weeks, under dosage, drugs.com says: ""The recommended initial dose is 15 mg daily (7.5 mg b.i.d.). To achieve an optimal therapeutic response, at intervals of 2 to 3 days the dosage may be increased 5 mg per day, as needed. The maximum daily dosage should not exceed 60 mg per day. In clinical trials allowing dose titration, divided doses of 20 mg to 30 mg per day were commonly employed."" So you may be right. For you said, ""I'm not sure how I'm doing. My anxiety is... A low but audible roar this past week. I was going to call my Dr and discuss increasing the buspar but I feel like I'm hoping for a miracle drug to completely stop all anxiety, fear and worry."" Again, you said, ""I was going to call my Dr and discuss increasing the buspar."" That may be the answer, for drugs.com said, "" divided doses of 20 mg to 30 mg per day were commonly employed."" And you're taking only 1
0 mg. of the Buspar anti-anxiety a day."
175988215,Have you slept? I’m worried that u haven’t slept. Be safe.
175988216,"Hugs _PERSON_, if you feel like you’re going to act please check yourself in....."
175988217,reading is the most important thing in life because reading a book given a information to other experiences and good living life so reading daily titles one hour.
175988218,"Just took a nap, felt good, I was so exhausted"
175988219,"Hey I'm on 1200 mg of Trileptal, I've been on it for years and it really helps me. Plus it's weight neutral, I had switched from Depakote to it because I had gained quite a bit of weight from Depakote which I lost after switching, I hope it helps you"
175988220,Same
175988221,"It's good that you reached out for help. You said: ""I'm bipolar and have been on lithium for the last 7 months. I love exercising, Cycling, swimming etc but have found that I get muscle weakness whilst doing intense sport. This really worries me, I drink a lot of water but possibly not enough, cant seem to find a formula that prevents it from happening. Just wondering does this happen to anyone else or does anyone have any suggestions as to how to counteract it please?"" As bipolar myself, I take Lithium, 600mg at night. I also take an anti-depressant (Mirtazapine) for it takes both to balance the mania (Lilthium) and the depression (Mirtazapine). A lot of times psychiatrists only treat the depression for that's all they see, but don't ask if the patient has any signs of mania (trouble sleeping, racing mind) so the patient is often miss-diagnosed and miss-medicated. I was, for about 15 years. So I'm wondering, do you also take an anti-depressant? In a way, I guess I could say I've never really not
iced that the Lithium gave me muscle weakness. But I also don't recognize a lot of side affects, I just think that's the way I am, and I'm often wrong, it's sometimes the side affects of a medicine. But looking at the possible side affects of Lithium on drugs.com, it says, ""•a light-headed feeling, like you might pass out; •weakness, dizziness or spinning sensation; problems with balance or muscle movement; •dizziness, drowsiness; trouble walking."" So, it would make sense that Lithium could very well slow down somebody playing sports. And I know I'm affected physically by Lithium, I wouldn't think on Lithium I could run as fast as I used to, could play tennis as fast. I just wouldn't expect that. But as they say with a lot of medicines, the benefits often outweigh the negative side affects. So, while I wouldn't be playing tennis as fast, I certainly wouldn't want to be manic again. If you are of a younger age, this would be more of a concern than for a senior citizen, which I am. What I learned was, l
ife on medicine is not perfect, but life without needed medicine can be much worse. You said, ""This really worries me"" (perhaps being slowed by Lithium). I know when I was younger, I was devastated by a certain negative side affect of not only 1 medicine I was taking for mania on a secondary health condition I had, but that ALL medicines caused problems for that secondary health condition. Again, I was devastated. I thought medicines were supposed to make you better, to learn that all medicines made this secondary health condition worse was really, really upsetting. I just had to accept it. It wasn't easy. Mania's not easy, either. Post Edited (_NAME_) : 5/19/2019 6:08:03 PM (GMT-6)"
175988222,Did some progressive muscle relaxation
175988223,"I am having the same issue as you have , how do I get help I need help"
175988224,I have an appointment in 15 minutes downstairs but I just want to stay in bed under the covers. It’s cold. I took a shower and ate waffles for breakfast. Thankfully this will only be like a 5 minute appointment
175988225,"I've taken everything except the evening supplements. I hope your new prescription helps you, _AT_MENTION_! God bless you!"
175988226,I’m taking a chance and going to apply for a different position within the company I’m working at. It will be a different department with life insurance and risk assessment. Step closer to working in data analysis. I hope I get the job!
175988227,"I saw that one the sign an was totally tempted to go in and get one, how does it compare to a psl?"
175988228,"thanks so much _NAME_ and _PERSON_ Cat, everything went fine. the plumbers were very considerate. once everything got going (their work) I was fine. my early morning anxiety seems to be a long-standing problem. i am going to try switching to decaf coffee. and of course doing my other things such as deep breathing, writing and reaching out to you and to friends and people in Al-Anon. thanks again, Rich"
175988229,"How are you? I'm bored, and I shouldn't be. I could be doing a lot right now, but I feel kind of depressed. Plus I'm worried about my tooth."
175988230,There's like 10 people and we all seem to have situational info for each other it's weird and cool.
175988231,I cant sleep anymore either
175988232,"This quote from that article is interesting “Everyone caring for those living with schizophrenia — mental health providers, primary care providers, specialists, and loved ones — should be vigilant in trying to reduce anticholinergic burden in a holistic way so that we can be good stewards of our patients’ long-term cognitive health.”"
175988233,I'm about to make a coffee
175988234,Hi. Maybe i can answer all the questions tommorow. I feel like Im crawling out of my skin. I dont know how else to explain it...its not a nice feeling. Im struggling to put some structure into my days and at night i feel this horrible dread feeling again. I know alot of it has to do with how I spend my day...which is just hard to explain. I do things..but my dr says im not having enough experiences and maybe thats why my brain just wont shut down...but this feeling of crawling out of my skin is ahh....I need to change my lifestyle...somehow...thats just scratching the surface of all my problems.i will write more soon.
175988235,"Hi yes lamotrogine is newer and is an anti epeletic. It is what i call a foundation med...in the background it operates. Assist with mood and mania. Best i been on. It bar the _NAME_ rash, rare, is known in the community as less side effects and designed as such. Slow start up. HT"
175988236,I'm obsessed with vyvanse. It's a good med. Business men are obsessed with adderall
175988237,"Had an omelette with avocado, onions, and tomatoes for brunch. Also a slice of whole wheat toast and grits. Ordered from a restaurant. All the restaurants around here are doing free delivery."
175988238,"I understand where you are coming from. I have GP as well, and have had to make a lot of changes. One thing my shrink did was find an antidepressant and mood stabilizer (I have bi-polar as well) that are dissolvable. They melt in my mouth so they do not have to go through my stomach. I have issues where I vomit everything that I eat or drink at times and was unable to keep the meds down. Maybe that could help. But even with the help of medication, it does not help the root cause of your problem, which is loneliness. Making friends is hard. Have you looked into support groups locally? Hospitals often have them for people dealing with illnesses. Also, some people find comfort in church (not me, I am not religious at all). Just some ideas on how to find someone to talk to. Keep me informed how you are doing. Good luck, Superfinnwoman"
175988239,Yes! I was 180 then increased the vyvanse and back down to 175 again. They balance each other out =/
175988240,Hope your therapy session goes well tonight Kit
175988241,"It's really good, bet you could find a used copy for rather cheap"
175988242,"Hello and welcome! I am sorry that you are experiencing possible inefficacy with your Lex...I know this is frustrating and confusing. However, three years isn't a very long time to be on an Rx, so I definitely think that trying an increase before anything else is a good plan. I like the idea of going up slowly...to 17.5 for some time and then to 20. I think that gentle increases/decreases are the way to go with SSRI's. Are you currently also practicing coping skills to round out your management program? The more tools you have at your disposal the better of course. If you need some fresh ideas, be sure and see our Resources at the top of the main forum page here for great material. Keep posting with us as well if you find it helpful. We understand and support is key! We'll be here to keep you encouraged through this challenging time if you'd like. _PERSON_ Cat"
175988243,I take 20mg geodon in the morning and 40mg at night. I dont seem to get tired off the med alone.
175988244,"When I was on Vraylar I was the opposite of sleepy. It really activated me, I could barely sleep."
175988245,"Have you found anybody for counseling yet? I hope you find somebody you like. I think it would help your wife to stand up to her father. I wish you the best. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175988246,Yay! So glad to hear that it went better than what your anxiety was trying to make you believe! Great job with your management through this challenge! Keep up the great work. S.C.
175988247,That's great BB. I don't think hair salons are open here yet. I need a trim!
175988248,Gonna take the olanzepine a few hours before I sleep to prevent depersonalization. I had depersonalization for the past 3 nights before I went to sleep. It wasn't so bad last night though.
175988249,I thought we didnt have food. I mean we didnt. And we don't but I forgot fiance brought home 2 mini pizzas for me last night. That should tie me over til we get groceries tomorrow.
175988250,"Wellll…I’m screwed. Dementia-land, here I come, baby! (“that’s what she said” --_NAME_ carrell)"
175988251,"No, I plan to on Monday"
175988252,Those are so tasty but kinda rare around here you need to goto a real bakery for them.
175988253,I still haven’t gotten my period. I have an appointment with the doctor who did my surgery on January 3rd. Guess I’ll just wait until then.
175988254,So impatient I changed the appointment to Monday instead of Friday. Eek!
175988255,"I did that too! Apparently I’m good at processing meds and caffeine, and am gluten intolerant. Already knew from blood test and stomach scope about the gluten, but good to know it picked it up."
175988256,"You said in your first post, ""Hi all. I’ve suffered from chronic chest pains for years but it’s only gotten worse lately. (The pandemic didn’t help) I’m 39 years old, no family history of heart problems."" And in the 2nd post, ""’ve had issues with anxiety/stress most of my life."" So, you've had anxiety/stress most of your live, and chronic chest pain for years. Were there any years you did not have chest pain? I'm wondering if it comes and goes with stress. I'm wondering if it happens sometimes when you are on anti-anxiety medicine, and sometimes when you might be relatively stress free? Also wondering if you are under stress right now which coincides with the current chest pain and is over riding the medicine? How chronic is chronic chest pain? On a scale of, 1 to 10? How often do you have the higher numbers and the lower numbers? I had chest pains when I was under a lot of stress (bad marriage) and they were real chest pains. Psychosomatic? When the bad marriage was over, the chest p
ains quit. So, again, are you under any stress? Do you have chest pain when you don't think you have stress? How many days a year do you have chest pains? Are their days, months, when you don't have chest pain? If you don't, how do you explain not having any chest pain? In the last year, I've had a different kind of chest pain when a bad doctor suggested I get off of my blood pressure medicine. Then she suggested a heart test but don't take the b/p medicine for two days before, and yeah, she won that one. So, now, with the pain that resulted from that, to ward off pain, I take ativan at night. If I don't , I get chest pain. So, is your b/p high? Do you take any b/p medicine? I don't recommend ativan but it does save my life, so we'll go with that. Have you ever tried ativan for chest pain? Did you father have anxiety? Did he take b/p medicine? What did he die of, and how old was he? I take Mirtazapine also for depression and Lithium for the mania portion of my bipolar. Now, those 2 medicines help me get sleep
y, but I take Melatonin an hour before bedtime (when I start getting drowsy). So you might want to try Melatonin, which is sold at the grocery or health food store or over the net. Glad you got your shots. I put it off for 2 months so I was just checking. .Post Edited (_NAME_) : 5/16/2021 4:21:57 PM (GMT-6) More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175988257,"What is going on, Desoxyn?"
175988258,"I'm having trouble losing weight still. I've been exercising every other day for quite awhile, and cutting calories for 3 weeks, but have only lost 6 pounds."
175988259,Thank you for the well wishes. I am sure everyone would agree this year was just awful. Life is incredibly hard as we age. I was not prepared for the latter part of my life. I hope everyone has a great new year. Less anxiety and pain would be great.
175988260,"I am so bad with online dating websites. I lose interest in them in about 25 seconds. If I could maintain my attention past 25 seconds, maybe they'd work? I don't know.... I just don't think those websites are for me. On _PERSON_ I either never get matches or I just swipe right all the time (whichever way is ""x""). I also think _PERSON_ is very superficial. Which all of them have to a certain degree. Aren't these companies just taking advantage of lonely people to some extent? I think they are somewhat."
175988261,"When the road gets dark And your trapped inside your head, When all you want to do Is crawl into your bed, When the light goes away, And all becomes dark, When you think of your wrist, And cut on the mark. You have to stay strong, For all who are around, But all you can do, is stare at the ground, They really dont know, They just dont understand, That all of your thoughts, Are at another's command. The voices are strong, The never shut-up, My mind has gone dark, And now I am stuck!!!"
175988262,Please yes I would like the app information. Any suggestions helps.
175988263,I should microdose 2.5mg THC a day again
175988264,I think this flavor of Vape juice is making my tongue feel bigger than normal. Like an allergy. Either that or it’s cuz my mouth is dry from meds. Idk I’ve had allergic reactions to certain juices before.
175988265,Exercised on the bike for 5 minutes lol. I would do more if I didn't have such bad cardiophobia. I'll try and do 5-10 minutes a day - It's better than nothing. I should do it every morning after I wake up! _USER_ID_: The adrenaline killed my focus.. Afraid of dp/dr now.. But the olanzepine will kick in.. I can't focus on the lyrics in music. I'll meditate now and see if that helps..
175988266,Would like to see you playing music again. You seem to be doing better than the last time we talked
175988267,"Thank you, Blue_Bird."
175988268,"Thanks for this topic! Yeah I've been sluggish since I went on Zyprexa last summer. I haven't been doing things that got me off the couch, like cooking, gardening, and tending to my bird and squirrel feeders. I thought it was depression but now I see it's the meds because I'm a couch potato now even when I'm in a good mood which I often am. The main thing I've been doing lately is reading. Drinking green tea helps me wake up and the caffeine in green tea doesn't get you hyped up like coffee does. They recommend green tea to help with anxiety disorders and depression. It sure helps me. But it's best to drink whole leaf tea and not the tea bag kind which is a lower grade of tea. Matcha is good, too. Maybe getting back to my yoga will help. I'll try some walks. I really hate all this sitting I've been doing even if reading is good for me."
175988269,Have you reached out to them? I always make sure I reach out to my case manager and other people like that to keep on top of things because they do have a lot of people they work with and sometimes things fall through the cracks if you don't contact them once in awhile to check on how things are going with whatever you're needing/working on
175988270,"We all change with time, when _PERSON_ couldn’t paint anymore he picked up scissors. en.wikipedia.org _PERSON_ | Cut-outs Diagnosed with abdominal cancer in 1941, _PERSON_ underwent surgery that left him chair- and bedbound. Painting and sculpture had become physical challenges, so he turned to a new type of medium. With the help of his assistants, he began creating cut paper collages, or decoupage. He would cut sheets of paper, pre-painted with gouache by his assistants, into shapes of varying colours and sizes, and arrange them to form lively compositions. Initially, these pieces were modest in size, but eventually..."
175988271,That Fear of Rain movie is new so it’s not free. I don’t want to spend $6.99 to rent it so I’ll have to try to wait I guess. But thanks newtus for the info on it.
175988272,asiangal555: I came across some steps to being positive in a newspaper column which have helped me quite a bit. Do you want me to tell you some of the things she said about being positive?
175988273,I'm nostalgic for my favorite stuff that I had or have. I just want to go to my apartment and look at and touch my things.
175988274,"Hi, Thank you for your replies. I dont currently take an anti depressant. I have taken what you have said re. Rehydration and electrolytes I am now drinking more we will see how it goes but it's a horrible side effect. _NAME_"
175988275,The don't get lonely because of the hole.
175988276,_AT_MENTION_ I’m so sorry you are having a tough time. Could this be from cold turkeying seroquel?
175988277,your emotions sound like mine. sometimes im so happy but it only lasts a day or 2. then i have days where i dont know how im even functioning...but i put a fake smile on my face. then there are the days where i dont get outta bed at all. ive struggled my whole life always feeling different then everyone that my thinking is definetly different and maybe not normal. i constantly think of different ways to kill myself. ive tried a few times. the last time in 2016 i was actually serious about it. they couldnt wake me up for 3 days. i tend to feel like everyone would be better off. im hard to love hard to handle just a waste of space and time. my kids are the only thing keeping me going most days. im the one that takes care of them. i just dont want to hurt them. but this is so hard. i feel like im truly suffering how fair is this?
175988278,"Finally got to go back to Church in person. Just we had to meet outside, social distance and wear masks. It was hot though."
175988279,_PERSON_ - Paranoid YouTube
175988280,no not today yet anyway. but I'm good today
175988281,Yes.........
175988282,Lubricating Eye drops for dry eyes
175988283,"I've been having really bad anxiety the past 2 days, I don't know why"
175988284,"Hello and welcome! Unfortunately we are a forum based group only. We did not choose to continue the chat room feature that we once had due to a few issues that were not adding up to a pleasant experience for everyone. (chat rooms are difficult to moderate around the clock) However, our community/support within the forums here is unmatched, so I do invite you to post here anytime you have questions, need encouragement or just want to share. Looking forward to getting to know you better, _PERSON_ Cat"
175988285,"Awesome! I’ll add u too, soon in a few min."
175988286,"In January I had all my top teeth taken out. (Now with the corona virus my false teeth are delayed indefinitely) with that said I have lost 25 pounds since then. I’ve been to every doctor out there and stomach specialist. My blood work is all good, as well as all scans that have been taken. Besides them wanting to take a closer look at my gallbladder (which is delayed by the corona virus) I’m in perfect health. I’ve told my Therapist and Shrink my weight loss has been really bothering me. I’m usually around 200 pounds. I’m down to hovering around 170. I have no appitite or desire to eat. It’s not that I’m not hungry it’s simply i get nauseous when I try and eat. I’ve told all my doctors this and they all come back with you have to force your self to eat. To my knowledge that’s how children grow up not likeing certain foods being forced to stay at the table. I’m at a loss. I don’t know how to be happy and hungry again. I need to feel healthily. And I feel like I’m withering 
away. I’m loosing hope I’m going to get better or I should say get help with this problem."
175988287,"I think I’m sleeping way too much. Like off and on all day and night . Ever since my AP dose was raised when I was getting sicker, when Covid hit, I sleep ALL the time. It’s impossible to stay awake all day."
175988288,"Thanks, SP! I guess I had a few moments of depression and despair right there. While I am (mostly) stable lately, this past couple of weeks have been very trying emotionally on me so I guess my reserves of positivity aren't so high."
175988289,It was in my case.
175988290,I'm gonna lower the Vyvanse down to 40mg. I don't think it's good for my heart - Or I'm just chewing too much nicotine gum.. Or it's cuz I took an extra dose of phenibut... Or it's because I smoked too much weed at once.. or it's benzo withdrawal.. or cuz I drank too much coffee and coca cola today... or from exercising.... So yeah.. One of those 7 things..
175988291,"The impossible whopper, two of them. They were both delicious and I have no regrets! God garbage tastes like heaven."
175988292,Sorry i think that came out harsh the way I said it. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988293,"Lately I've been playing Animal Crossing New Leaf, I finally paid off my home loan in game so I'm getting around to decorating all my rooms. Can't wait till New Horizons comes out, it looks amazing! Playing Pokemon Y still, fighting wild pokemon a lot to gain experience for the different ones in my party since I'm playing with exp share off. It's taking longer but it's fun and I'm learning new/better battle strategies."
175988294,I’m going to become an amazing math genius and come up with stuff that will change the world. Like _NAME_!
175988295,My sisters cancer is getting worse....the chemo isn’t working....that’s why she has a fever....they are going to change her meds up but apparently she has another liver tumor for a total of five. Prayers or thoughts appreciated.
175988296,"I can't believe I'm not seeing a therapist anymore (Cuz COVID). I NEED a therapist - To talk to in person. Fak.. Why must it be this waaaaay I burn with mother Earth and the pest humans No life, no hope Unsettling sand through the hour glass of time A bad trip, a bad mental state Weird things happening in this reality Infections like zombies What can I do now? Schizoid negative symptoms 30mg of Vyvanse - Dopamines"
175988297,"That's great that it has mostly diminished, brother. That's, wow. I don't hear many success stories about this. My psychologist said that sometimes it can take maybe 3 years, but for me its been 8 years... But for you... Wow. I wish I could try ketamine but the monthly treatment is as much as i make in a month. I'd like to try psilocybin again, but at a higher dosage maybe. The only mental emotion I've felt in the last 8years was when I overdosed on edibles over lockdown. I basically went manic with laughter, then I got severely paranoid, told myself I shouldn't post on here anymore because everyone was watching, and then I felt major depression, mental depression, and it felt good to feel down. I instantly felt like my old self, went to my social media and discovered how crazy I come off, and talked to my sister for the remainder of the time. It was sad though because I knew I'd lose myself again in a matter of minutes. So question about this last paragraph. Are you saying that I might have felt s
o much pain that my brain just flipped a breaker and turned off completely? I use to feel pain as much as pleasure in equal degrees, pleasure more rarely, but they were deep. It's all a haze due to my ptsd, meds, and manic switch, what the true cause is. All i know for certain, is the longer I'm alive, the more severe i realize the damage is."
174385992,"I am doing okay. I just need to do homework more often, but my stuff gets in the way sometimes. By stuff, I mean mental illness."
175988298,"Doing pretty well. I try to keep the four legs of my anti-anxiety chair solidly on the floor: medication, sleep, mental resilience, and healthy food."
175988299,Yeah lol. None have seemed to work for me so far! Wish I could find one that does. I’ve been talking with her regularly and have an emergency appointment this upcoming week.
175988300,It's 3:15 here and I haven't slept... You're doing better than me.
175988301,When I'm at my best I love the feeling that we're only here by pure accident. It is the most liberating and positive way for me to think and it makes life full of possibilities. When I'm at my worst I slip into this hole where I start believing in other stuff where I'm out of control like fate for instance. This is why I like physics because it keeps at least one of my feet on the ground.
175988302,"So fiancé went to a cardiologist today. I made the appt last night! Like near 11pm! But they are gonna do a full physical on him and his organs, like his kidney and liver and blood. And they are doing a stress test on his heart. He will be exercising on a treadmill. He has 3 tests altogether. Combining all of those things."
175988303,Half an avocado w/ salt
175988304,I’m getting into bad habits again like I did in the summer. I’ve only been showering once or twice a week lately. Complacent - I have become.
175988305,"You could be in shock... And from the picture, ya, you need a car."
175988306,"If it’s gerd, esomeprazole is good......"
175988307,Oh my God. That is so horrible to go through. I'm sorry he had to experience all that.
175988308,My ceiling is dripping again
175988309,I’m blanking on studying. HOW DO I STUDY. Hahahaha. It’s like two weeks until my exams I’m panicking already.
174386018,I can't wait for the weather to cool down here... I want autumn to get here now...
174386001,"It’s only been one day of the decrease in Paxil and abilify I’m worried this is going to be one long and rough transition , I probably should have just agreed to do it in the hospital"
175988310,Maybe a cup of hot tea?
175988311,Jazz music.
175988312,Thanks!
175988313,Made an appt with obgyn for preconception counseling.
175988314,"For some reason there were donuts at work today, even though it is not donut Friday. So, I had a donut with chocolate icing. And I am drinking black unsweetened Iced Tea."
175988315,"Sorry you're struggling, hope you feel better"
174386034,"Thought is free! If all thoughts conform to the standard, then science and art will disappear. Therefore, the main criterion of schizophrenia is not what you think and feel, but what you do and say."
175988316,A thanksgiving staple!
175988317,Welcome to the forum _NAME_! i am bipolar also and it s touch and go ..Some people get the right medication (for them ) right off the bat and others have to go through trial and error . I started out with Lamictal and Seroquel.The seroquel made me a zombie until 3-4 in the afternoon so I has to stop it...I stayed on Lamictal and gradually increased the dose to 200 mg per day. After 4 months I was no longer stable and going up and down but staying down much longer ( I am bipolar 2 ).They put me on 10 mg of Prozac and that made it worst so they stopped the prozac and increased the Lamictal to 300mg per day. That worked for 3 months and today the added Latuda 20 mg per day. I hope that this combination works because I do not want to go on Lithum.They tell me that it can take up to 5 years to stabilize and have the proper mix of meds. Do not get discouraged and eventually you will be OK.Good luck.
175988318,"I don't mean to be rude to you, but because I wanted to and it felt good or like release to me to put it down - the same reason I ever post in this thread I've been friends with her for years. Originally, I was sponsoring her when she lived in the same locale. When I used to hang out with people from meetings, she never had a ride and I felt bad so I'd take her with me. ^ It turned out I enjoyed her company more than most people and she was much less emotionally draining than most people When she moved back to where she came from, I felt a bit of a loss. We reconnected when I let her stay with me when she came down here for a funeral a couple years ago (she'd gotten clean again). It was someone who's personality and company I enjoyed. That is very rare for me. I had too high of expectations of her and when she failed to meet them, I cut her out of my life. ^ I've felt regret over that because she was doing the best she could and I realized they were to high. While she was in her last relapse I trie
d contacting her from time to time saying I hoped she was ok. When I realized she got clean again, I decided to reach out and attempt as much of an amends as my pride could bear and we started talking again and I don't know how to explain We don't talk when she's in a relapse (which is most of the time) that's how I know. There were other factors that made me more sensitive, but I don't find that something I'd want to share on psychforums for a variety of reasons. I was sad and hadn't realized what was going on with me - I didnt even know I was sad - and find it interesting that I can be deeply upset about something and not even have a clue. It was a realization I experienced. I had even stronger feelings around it shortly after posting it."
175988319,"I used to be a really bad listener and writer but as time went on, I've gotten better. I listen to podcasts now and such but I need to be doing something to listen. In the summer I'd often go for a walk and listen to something or sit in the lawn chair, listen and look at the stars.. _NAME_ is good to learn from (He had a learning disorder and now he's like the worlds leading memory expert)."
175988320,"I’m starting the no caffeine thing a day early, so instead of starting on Wednesday I’m starting right now/tomorrow. Idk what’s wrong with me. Caffeine is horrible for me but I keep drinking it anyway."
175988321,Drinking another large glass of my current favorite beverage. I wish I had asked the SW if I could order candy from their Amazon prime account. I won't see her again until Monday at the soonest.
175988322,Your art is getting even better lately ?
175988323,"Next time I go grocery shopping I'm gonna get some Easter candy so I can celebrate by myself. Two things: Easter, (since I likely won't be able to have dinner with my family or anything) and also April 2nd marks 1 year of eating disorder recovery"
175988324,"I had a video call with my boss this morning and I was very hyper and chatty. Idk if she noticed. Someone at work wanted an update on something I should have done yesterday. I wanted to write back ‘Sorry I didn’t get this done yesterday because I’m in the middle of a manic episode and was busy plotting to overthrow God.’ Instead simply ‘Sorry for the delay, Monday got away from me.’ Gotta go for blood tests after work."
175988325,Can you go visit the rose garden? They’re in bloom now...
175988326,"Therapy Homework: To Read ""The Search for Significance"" Blah. I wonder what is the significance of this book?!"
175988327,"I’ve been hungry all the time these past two days, it can’t be the Lamictal right?"
175988328,drink plenty of liquid and watch some tv.
175988329,Do you still play any video games? That might be a way to pass time
175988330,Thats so cute!
175988331,"Regarding Buspar, I did try it and it did not help me. Actually it gave a horrible panic/anxiety attack and ended up in urgent care. I couldn't stop shaking, so for me it was awful. Maybe for mild anxiety may work."
175988332,Week has been rough. My hands and arms and legs are killing me. I am super tired from all the time and it is driving me bonkers. Anxiety is up due to pain and its driving me mad as well. Hope all are well.
175988333,That’s a good idea. Like that sock company donates socks whenever you buy socks.
175988334,"Alas, no good seafood restaurants around here. Vietnamese Food, Chinese Food, American Food, and Mexican Food, oh and an expensive Italian Food Restaurant but I don't think they are on door dash. We had our work Christmas party there. #overrated."
175988335,yes. I showered today
175988336,"I'm currently taking Klonopin .5 a.m., and .75 p.m. for anxiety and sleep - since April 2019. I would like to get away from benzos. How may I switch these out and introduce Valerian and GABA to replace these? Would this be advisable in the first place? If so, how would I go about adding in the V and G and taking out the K - in order to have minimal withdrawal effects yet still have therapeutic effects?"
175988337,"I want an armadillo, they're so cute"
175988338,Oh those sound fun! Too bad I can't go to a library here.
175988339,I feel better but I think my mom and sister are still freaking out. I’m wondering if I shouldn’t have told my sister that Possible trigger: she could kill my mom if she went home with the flu problem influenza is really dangerous and I don’t want to risk anyone. A hotel for my sister is the best option imo. I don’t know why they don’t bring this up with their doctors....why is it me telling them.
175988340,I had grape nuts for breakfast. It's my cereal of choice at the moment.
175988342,Oh man. That's very strange... huh. Could the man be from out of the country and just want a way to get citizenship in the US by marriage?
175988343,"I feel semi-dumb for throwing out every single one of my meds. I intentionally got rid of them. Now I have nothing and I'm kind of panicking a little. On the one hand, I am wondering whether I'll do fine without them. On the other, I am wondering if I just made a mistake. My reason for getting rid of them is because they're just chemicals. They do nothing to change the phenomenological experience of reality for me. Eh. I don't know what to do now... My psychiatrist and I are supposed to meet virtually tomorrow. I guess the meeting will be useless."
175988344,"That's really sweet I wish I did more for my mom and spent more time with her before she passed. But the onset was so sudden then 9 months later she was gone. I regret not spending a lot of quality time with her even though we lived together. . I was struggling with psychosis and at some times was kind of self absorbed so I bought her tons of gifts to try to make up for it which I found I should have been spending more quality time with her. But what you're doing is great, it's personalized and means a lot more"
175988345,"Gosh, a lot of studios here are double that."
175988346,Yayay SP!!!
175988347,"Yeah, I took my meds today."
175988348,"Hi, Writing here used to make me feel better so here I am trying this again. I am a 25 year old female. I have scoliosis and degenerative disc (cervical). None of these issues ruin my life as much as my anxiety! In fact I have been managing my fitness with a physiotherapist and exercising. Then this global pandemic happened and I have been stuck in my apartment for almost two months! At the beginning of the lockdown i used to do yoga and simple exercises BUT the fear i have been experiencing was massive! This caused my anxiety to severely flare up! In fact, i had to call 911 for a panic attack! Things continued to go worse and my back and neck started to get all tensed up. I contacted my physiotherapist through video calls but things were not working. She keeps telling me that i should stay positive but my neck now is getting too stiff (solid as a wall) and my eating has been affected because i cant really move my head when i eat and i feel too much pressure accumulate around my head& throat while 
eating so i just give up eating the whole dish. I noticed that my multivitamin gummy slightly makes my neck joints move better but i am still too worried to function normally, i even started to doubt that I have dystonia or MS (getting a diagnosis now is too difficult because of the pandemic again). Again my physiotherapist thinks that my problems are because i am all tensed up in the shoulder and neck areas. I am so desperate for help at this point Does anyone else experience muscle tension that prevents them from eating or sitting normally because of anxiety? Anything to help?"
175988349,Oh no. Sucks
175988350,I know I couldn’t do it.....I need my sweets
175988351,cant sleep
175988352,We should want to live not just exist that what the guy that does my leg braces told me
175988353,My friends in Germany got the gift that I ordered for their son's graduation on June 5th! I got a coin proof set for 2020. I usually get graduates silver dollars for the year they graduate but for some reason I didn't see it on the mint website so I got a different gift set for him. I hope he likes it. They are American--stationed in Germany. The son is headed to _NAME_ in the autumn.
175988354,I'm scared I'm gonna die
175988355,"Yes, I took my meds today. It's been good."
175988356,"Nope, not today. Did yesterday though."
175988357,What helped me the most when i was coping with witnessing my aunt pass away was my mom taking me to therapy and participating with me. Her asking me what she could do or telling me she may not know exactly how i feel but she wanted to do her best to try and understand from her side. She let me take my anger and depression out on my hair by dying it whatever color i wanted. And she helped me do it. It was a creative outlet and it helped alot. Just keep loving her youre doing good
175988358,Hi Are you taking any medications? Sometimes cold sweats can be a side effect. _PERSON_.
175988359,Also my vision board.
175988360,"I don't think you should lower the antipsychotic but change the med. DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) is good for the brain. Fish oil usually has the main ones, DHA and EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid)."
175988361,You're already naturally chronically on hallucinogen <3
175988362,I need a hair cut
175988363,"Yeah I asked her to move out bc she disrespected my property, boundaries, etc. She snuck some guy she met off tinder into my house and lied to my face abt it. I said when she moved in my number 1 rule is I want to feel safe in my own home, and she violated that. So good riddance. I really like living alone but it Is a struggle financially"
175988364,"Very insightful post _NAME_. You should post this or a similar in depression too if you want. You are still young. I think I have close to 20 years on you and I am still kicking. Enjoy your youth. Things are going to work out _NAME_, The gears turn slow. Just takes time. I have faith. I am proud of you for venturing out and working on certification. You have a good mind and a huge heart. You will go far. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988365,_PERSON_
175988366,"I love you all Even though you're my empty chair audience of my rhetorical rants and expressional cries for help, I'll only admit for once that I appreciate the connection and you guys are very real persons. My avoidant and schizotypal/autistic personality protects me. _PERSON_ (Real fin - But fin will continue..)"
175988367,I have some good news... The letter Child Protective Services saying the alleged abuse that was towards me was unsubstantiated.
175988368,"Reality is as simple as a paradox where there's always a left and right yin yang but also it's complicated after trying to do that hardest IQ test question. Answer was B but I got answer H. Someone said he had an IQ of 130-160 and said the answer isn't B it's H. We both did calculations to make sure. I don't have IQ that high but it makes me think that life is some type of puzzle as well like I always thought it was and it isn't just as simple as left right, black white, up down, inside outside, round flat, sphere circle, gay straight, male female, start end, etc etc etc.. It is but I can't think of it that way cuz then I'm just lazy and apathetic.."
175988369,"So, the pdoc fired me because I was changing my mind about whether to see her or not. I think it was a valid reason. I just think my parents have so much influence on me. It's ridiculous. They wanted me to see a different psychiatrist. It's like they have this influence over me and it just wreaks havoc on my life. I fired the T because, guess, my parents wanted me to. And they thought that my relationship with the T was toxic. Unbelievable. Why did I listen to them? I feel like my parents are bullying me to some extent."
174386102,Why do you want to do a three day water fast? They don’t really do anything and will leave you with no energy.
175988370,"I posted that cuz there is fighting and hard feelings. We must get along. For we all have illness. A schizo one. To understand each other is good. We could make art together. We know with the right things said, people can appreciate. So keep posting about the sickness and learn from each other. The soldiers are the ones that can't post here. And you are both not soldiers. - Mediator"
175988371,I read this history of psychiatry before and it’s horrifying what some of the history is. But it’s come a long long LONG way.
175988372,Oh god. I ordered groceries for delivery tonight. Completely forgot the order included condoms and cucumbers... The Cucumbers are for pickling btw...
175988373,Can your sister come over this weekend?
175988374,"Yeah, I like it too. Sometimes I feel like it contrasts with the content of my posts."
175988375,"The tension In the apartment is so thick. The sad tension. The fear. I can feel fiances aura. The sadness of his aura is coming off in thick waves. I've always been able to feel peoples emotions and vibes. I'm an empath. Everything right now can be sliced with a butter knife, everything that's in the air. It's like a thick smog of depression and melancholy."
174386117,I miss you guys. I can't not post. I have too much nonsense and about drugs to post (jk lol) Posting here gives me motivation to research schizophrenia cure (I will find the cure. The cure is to take phenibut with repetitive shroom dosages to have a good trip while on an antipsychotic but shh don't tell anyone.. Also other cures... I'll find them..)
175988376,coca cola
175988377,"I'm not sure if I'm having olfactory hallucinations or what, but I keep smelling ****"
175988378,I have a black cat too! So cute!
175988379,Taking walks definitely helps for me. I felt derealization 2 hours ago and thought of going for a walk but it's so cold outside (50F). Need diazepam taper again.. (I know I hate talking about this stuff but it's just something that I have to deal with - Not my fault but I claim full responsible)....
175988380,You're definitely not alone. I'm self isolating. I'm a 71 yo cancer survivor. I have COPD. I've lost 10 lb in the last 2 weeks without trying. Thinking that the COVID is a death sentence is driving me nuts. Hang in there. We will survive.
175988381,_PERSON_ will last a week with constant puffing. And you may not do vape all the time so it may last twice as long.
175988382,"Iced coffee, regular, not decaf!"
175988383,"If you use it as a prn, it might be better than daily use. Benzos are very tricky."
175988384,Oranges and matcha tea.
175988385,I'm gonna have to wait to turn in my sketchbook.
175988386,"You said in an earlier post: ""Can a BPD go 6 or 9 months in what one might call 'normal' relationship mode?"" To me, a borderline does not have a real personality. They are either extremely angry or they are extremely nice. They have no middle where the personality used to be, which was taken away by trauma or cold parenting. Does your wife have a long-term regular personality? Does she enjoy doing things? Does she have hobbies, favorite movies? Friends? When you say she's enjoyable to be around, is she bubbly? On the trip she was driving for hours, was she starting conversations? Was she observing things she was passing in the car and commenting about them. Does she have original ideas, like, next year I'd like to go to my favorite place on vacation? They are also very quiet. They never say anything. You start all the conversations, and they reply with yes or no. Is your wife quiet? Do you think she may have both, the condition you mentioned about anger, and borderline? Did you say she refuses th
erapy?"
175988387,"I have been raped 3 times in my life by 3 different people. The first time was in an abusive relationship years ago. I never dealt with any of it but buried it down deep. I recently started dating again and was with a wonderful person who I fell in love with, however everything got brought up and bubbled over. We broke up due to the fact that both our mental health issues were too much. I am now overwhelmed and feel abandoned. Everyday I feel like I am in a state that I am about to have a panic attack (heart racing, cannot calm down, freaking out). I cannot sleep at night due to flashbacks. I am hurt becasue of this heartbreak but also because I feel like I am reliving this trauma over and over again. I cannot control my thoughts. When I drive I can only think about crashing. I am sprialing and sprialing and I do not know what else to do. I am seeing a therapist twice a week but I still feel broken. How do I find any relief or help within my own mind??"
175988388,"I mean new horizons. _PERSON_! I'm not a total gamer, you can tell."
175988389,"At the end of the documentary, he said ""I didn't have a goal. I still don't have a goal. It's like a hallway filled with closed doors. You go through them and you find another hallway with closed doors. It's an absolutely marvellous continuous discovery"". Now I'm tired"
175988390,vestiril was too sedating for daytime use for me. buspar great for me. can take daytime. your mileage may vary
175988391,My migraine is still bugging me. I broke down and took some medication and I took my glasses off. Coworkers are getting on my nerves too. Ugh.
175988392,The answer is yes nanete. Like a confused mania. Brain gets angry for the meds are well established and brain chucks a wobbly and screams what the hell are you doing to me! Cilly hru doing? Let us know. HT
175988393,^ I used all caps but the site didn’t let me
175988394,"I would be if my credit was a bit better. But with the price of a manufactured home being how low it is, fiancé can apply by himself."
175988395,"struggling through the days....grandpa yelled at me because I ate too many snacks. I start partial hospital monday. Tomorrow is christmas with my mom, 25th is christmas day with my day. Hearing lots of voices, very paranoid, barely sleeping."
175988396,Yep it happens. Sometimes it is required but as _NAME_ said not constantly. It is a fine line. As someone on the other side of the fence....shooting the breeze is sometimes a necessity....but not constantly. Time n place....a definite skill...not properly taught or even taught these days. Cheers. HT.
175988397,"I walked into the place and got so anxious. The owner walked me into the kitchen and there was so much going on that I couldn't focus and I met her husband. I forgot that people can't shake hands anymore. He said ""Do you want to work today or tomorrow?"" and I said ""Tomorrow"". So I start tomorrow at 9am. I work Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Then I went to the table where my moms friend was and the owner was talking to someone at another table. I thought we were supposed to talk but I guess they just wanted to see what I look like or something. I drank half of the coffee and then left. It has left me with such anxiety. Idk if I can function because I feel bad about myself trying to do my last job that I quit cuz the guy that was training me was an asshole. They're supposed to be really nice people but I'm terrified right now."
175988398,"Looks like I don't see my therapist until the 31st of January because she's on holidays. I barely ever get to see her. I can't rant to the pharmacist about everything like how I did with my psych nurse/psychologist that gave me the injection every 3 weeks. Maybe I should give him a call. It would be paid for and he would get paid because I'm still in the same province. I would have such insanely crazy things to tell him like I usually do. But I am doing better now just.. Still problems like usual.. Like I've gotten more aware.. much much more aware and can make better decisions. I have insight to risk. He would be happy to know how I'm doing after 2 years. Especially since I'm not ordering extremely dangerous drugs in mass amounts as well. He would be proud of me. He was an amazing person. I could talk to my family but I don't want them to worry about me. I don't like when people worry about me in real life because it scares me since I need reassurance that I'm OK, not sick. That's why my dad is so 
good with me because he called me ""The brain"" when I was a kid. He knows I'm smart and tells me that I'm not crazy - And when I am, he thinks of it as madness.. It's just madness.. That it's life."
175988399,Two days until my intake at partial hospital I am incredibly nervous. Paranoid today and hearing voices occasionally
175988400,CHEERS. HT.
175988401,The doc or nurse was supposed to call me this morning but I think they’re having computer troubles so idk. I mean it’s not afternoon yet so who knows. I feel not as bad today but still pretty jazzed.
175988402,Hugs bluebird....
175988403,Do you have Netflix? Lots of good stuff to watch on there. Or YouTube
175988404,"I have been feeling like something is going to happen, something not good, for a couple of weeks. I can't put my finger on what it could be. I could be a combination of things. Here's a list: How bad are the riots going to be if _PERSON_ wins? What's gonna happen to the country if _PERSON_ wins? How much longer are the riots going to last? Why are these people still rioting? Why are they destroying their own cities? Not knowing if I will be attacked or not. Starting to feel afraid of black people, even though it's only a certain few that are ruining for everyone else in their race. Afraid to post things on Facebook When or if I can get my colostomy reversed Feeling fatter than what I am, cause I have a hernia causing my belly to look bigger. Worrying if my colostomy bag is going to leak either at home or when I am out. Worrying if I smell Stuff laying around the house and stuck in every nook and cranny. Unfinished kitchen remodel Unfinished bathroom remodel Sub-floor rotting in the spare room, my r
oom, kitchen, and living room. The time it is taking my dad to fix the floor in the spare room My dad being to stubborn to realize that he is old, and his body hurts. Don't know why he just wont hire someone to fix the floors. How bad it's gonna be when we repair the sub-floors in the kitchen and living room Trying to keep my orchids alive Thinking about giving up on my orchids Stressing on how best to care for them _NAME_ (cat) having skin issues _NAME_ wanting to be scratched or petted when I am trying to type or so something House always looks dirty cause of all the stuff every where _NAME_ (cat) not coming to me or runs away from me _NAME_ being afraid to come out of my moms room Dealing with my moms' depression and anxiety Wanting to finish the remodeling of the kitchen and bathroom Afraid of doing it, cause it won't come out right, or I can't do it, Will I be able to finish the remodeling, with my colostomy Having room to work Leaving my saw out, will it b stolen or water ruin it Getting my room back in 
order How long will I have to stay at my sons' house while the floor in my room is being fixed I don't want to be a bother to them or stay too long Barely having enough money to get my essentials House falling apart Fear of loosing my Medicaid Fear of loosing my food stamps Fear of medicaid, not paying for my medical procedures When is the car going to be fixed What do I need to take care of the orchids during winter time What to do with all the books I have Cleaning out my closet Cleaning my room Feeling guilty for being selfish Worrying about my dads' mental and physical health Worrying about my moms' mental and physical health Tired of having to be strong all the time Wanting to help people, but I can't Not being able to afford a new house Not being able to get a ramp for the house Not have a fenced in yard for _NAME_ (dog) My health issues: colostomy, back, depression, anxiety Having to ask my dad to buy me things that I need i.e. prescriptions and other things Feeling like I am taking up space Not having 
any true friends Not wanting to go anywhere not wanting to be around people Loosing my disability Not seeing good thing happening in the future My weight What's gonna happen with my orchids when I go to my sons' house or the hospital Will my sister take care of them for me Worrying if the fertilizer will affect the septic tank Feeling guilty when _NAME_ wants to be petted, but I don't want to Not being able to take _NAME_ to the vet Worrying about his weight and if he has diabetes Wondering if the sleep aide I got, could be contributing to what I am feeling Just afraid of loosing everything All the forest fires All the hurricanes I'm sure there is more but I can't think of the right now"
175988405,I’m having a non productive day so far....was supposed to go to the grocery but it’s way too late as far as traffic....probably just pick up a frozen pizza at the corner store. FYI My New Years res is to be more productive this year lol.
175988406,_NAME_ take that tea kettle back. It's not even a good product design. When u pick it up by the handle it triggers the spout to open. You cant pick it up without doing that. Plus it doesnt whistle.
175988407,"_PERSON_, I struggled alot w psychosis and a bunch of meds. Trilafon at just 2 mg tid has beena miracle for me. Might check it out. Hugs."
175988408,Ordered a replacement ID with my new address on it so I'll be able to vote in November.
175988409,That's gotta be real hard to live with to keep inside. I'm glad you let it out. Maybe you can copy this and take it to your assessment? Spending money on yourself and your health is never a waste! I hate the american healthcare system costing everyone so much money. But you shouldn't feel guilty because you're forced to pay for something like your health.
175988410,"Nope, not today. Maybe tonight."
175988411,"Those are really kind words _NAME_, thank you. It's hard to imagine both that you don't have friends (because you are very empathic), and that one could live without friends happily. I like spending a lot of time alone, but friendship brings happiness and laughter and I miss having more people in my life. What brought you to the point that you don't have or need friends? (If you don't mind my asking). You sound like a very content person. You are right that I don't believe in myself. When I interact with people I sometimes can tell that I've made a bad impression, partly because I have a gloomy outlook, and partly I have that bad habit of giving advice when people don't want advice, they just want to be heard. I know I do both of these things. I learned them as a strategy to deal with Lyme. It was like a tidal wave of destruction over my body that lasted years, I was always looking for the next solution to the latest catastrophe. But in the real world, these are not winning qualities and I want to 
be able to change. I appreciate your words of comfort and support, thank you _NAME_!"
175988412,The Weeknd - Wicked Games
175988413,"_USER_ID_, 'Oh yeah...that's when you stop breathing...' OMG...best spouse response ever! I am not LOL-ing at your experience, but rather the casual nature of how that little nugget of information was delivered! Oh man! I am so glad that with some positive lifestyle changes, you were able to stop your sleep issues. That is amazing! ...and thanks for posting your story so that others might gain some insight into their own! _PERSON_"
175988414,"Shower done, dinner eaten, dishes washed, leftovers put away, clothes laid out for tomorrow. Time to relax"
175988415,"Went on a replacement villager hunt yesterday and while I didn’t find _NAME_ or _NAME_, I am excited about finding _PERSON_. The wolves are one of my favourite AC species, besides cats, and I’ll be honest, nearly all the wolves look great to me as well. I’m not too keen on Lobo or _NAME_. I think I’d have passed them up if I’d seen them on the islands. Thought it was going to rain today, and _USER_ID_ is here, so was hoping I could catch and sell a coelacanth for big bells! But the clouds broke up instead. I managed to catch one yesterday just before the rain stopped, if I’d known I’d have saved it for today."
175988416,"I got a free fresh bag of oranges, like really big ones too, a few cans of peaches, and some mushrooms. I love fruit. I can rinse the syrup off the peaches and put them in some oatmeal for breakfast. And saute the mushrooms for a snack since I really enjoy them."
175988417,"I know what you mean when you say you almost felt guilty for feeling so good. We are depressed so much of the time that feeling good is almost a foreign feeling for us. I am real happy for you. And I love being able to help others. Thank you... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988418,"Messaged a person on facebook who was logged on. I met him when I went to the psychward. I remember everything so vividly... I remember one woman who listend to the hell I created, and she told me, ""That's what made you great."" and smiled. I wish I could believe her, also, don't you wish you had that power and force to say something like that when you need to hear it"
175988419,"Season 4 of the good witch is on now, yay!"
175988420,"Long term a masters could really help you, some are more practical than others though."
175988421,"Yeah, um, I have not been."
175988422,"You will be okay, either way. If u must go to the state hospital, u will survive. Hugs!!"
175988423,"Greeting! Hope everyone is fine here. I am new here. I want to share some useful info about anxiety. Most of the people in this world are dealing with anxiety. It is right to say that every second person is the prey of it. It is not a problem everyone is the prey of it. Problem is that most of the people don't know how to treat it. How to get relief from this. Fortunately, Kratom is the best remedy to get rid of this. Actually, Kratom is a tropical tree native to South Asia. Kratom leaves or extract from its leaves have been used in alternative medicine for chronic pain and other conditions. Many people also use kratom to self-treat symptoms of depression or anxiety. for more info about kratom response me, I will share more info related to kratom."
175988424,No I haven’t! Hm.
175988425,"I was feeling bad so I took phenibut, xanax, weed, kratom and extra vyvanse. I'll stay up until 3-4am to break this cycle and escape my reality. Soz ^-;"
175988426,"My oldest niece turns 16 today. I'm like how did that happen!?! She should still be 4 or 5. I sent her a text this morning, at like 6 something. In typical teenage style she texted me back when she got up around 10. I love her so much but I hardly ever get to see her. Can't believe she is old enough to drive!"
175988427,YES! They are making another Vampire: The Masqurade PC game! Winning!
175988428,ihad the burning skin also but wsnt a side effect of the meds. is a side effect of anxiety
174386203,What the fish oil helps me with is focus....like as in adhd induced either by meds or the illness. And memory. I suspect you’d miss it after a few months off if you quit.
175988429,I just read Eat That Frog! by _NAME_ (it's about how to stop procrastinating)
175988430,I'm not having trouble right now. I'm on tapatalk.
175988431,"I was feeling like that yesterday. Still kind of feeling catatonic. I'm getting my injection today. I really need it. The longer I get the injection every 3 weeks, the better it will build up in my blood because when I was having it every 4 weeks, the days before I get it become worse and worse."
175988432,"Trileptal is causing my hands to tremor. It's even more common with Seroquel. Thank god Im off Seroquel starting Monday. I can't cut in ceiling lines with these tremors. My life is falling to pieces, everyone. I asked my doctor 3 days ago to give me an official diagnosis slip for tax purposes, which the IRS is garnishing my wages next to nothing. It's bad. I had the option to live on disability, but if I did that I would deteriorate like my father. I woudn't work with friends, I wouldn't listen to audiobooks, or podcasts, ect… My grand mother and boss helped me out a bit, but this is bad. They took almost $1,600 and left me $460 for 2 weeks of hard work. This is happening because I wanted to do the right thing by getting on pay roll, so since they had all my tax info now, they can more easily garnish my wages."
175988433,Thats when I was on Abilify where my negative symptoms were best.
175988434,"This is regarding your posture when looking at your phone? I'm in agreement with SP, is there some type of phone holder so you straighten your spine when looking at it? I have a special pillow for my back when i'm in my bed on my laptop. My roommate calls it a ""boyfriend pillow"" lol. But one of the main reasons I like to go out to write is the comfy chairs and tables. Their perfect for reading and placing a laptop on. You have a bomb laptop, could you use that instead? I use my laptop because im way faster at typing on one. I think as fast as I type so it's a perfect combo."
175988435,"BB a cheesecake is a glorious beginning for the weekend festivities! I should get one for me and my roommate. We adore cheesecake, and it's been so long."
175988436,"Sleeping life away. Worst pollen allergies in 10 yrs, and I am inside!!! Eyes are killing me. I could sleep for a year. Depression blows. Hugs."
175988437,HUGS _NAME_ I hope you get to vape soon
175988438,I've still been feeling dissociative and I feel shaky when talking to people. Ugh damn social anxiety. I wish I could go back on a SSRI because that was helping my social anxiety.
175988439,I love alcohol too but alcohol doesn’t love us. It will catch up to you. Be careful. I lost a lots of friends from alcoholism. I have lost a few jobs because of it.
175988440,"Hey, Did you discuss your worries with your doctor? Maybe they can give a bit of advice. When you start your new medication try not to focus on how you are feeling in your body. Do your best to focus on other things and you may calm yourself. You can also ask your doctor if the new medication has the same components as your previous one, then it means your body will not react to it."
174386227,"This is the type of thing I'm talking about. I've been interested in abstract ideas ever since I developed positive symptoms. I've become interested in types of art like drawings, paintings, music, poetry, stories, etc.. I've changed. And I want to make the most of everything interesting in the world. The spiritual and physical and what to do about all the information. I'm awakened yet paralysed."
175988441,Idk I just kind of want to reset my tolerance so I get a better effect from the caffeine. I probably shouldn’t have gone cold turkey though. I was drinking 4-5 cups of coffee a day Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988442,"Oh it’s ok now, I mostly conquered it....I almost cried in the car going on vacation but I realized it would only continue to get worse if I didn’t face it, sometimes you’ve gotta push through....."
175988443,"FYI: I linked to the Isha Kriya meditation because a schizoid, user nyoten, used and benefited from it. Also because the meditation is structured and guided by audio. If you decide to try it, it's an easy introduction to meditation, especially if, like me, you have tried repeatedly to get 'traction' with your meditation practice and failed. Once you have developed a several month's habit of sitting cross-legged with your spine straight, thinking about nothing, you will probably be 'hooked', and able to move securely to more demanding and possibly more rewarding meditation practices."
175988444,Well done Good for you
175988445,Thanks for telling us about this one. I’m not saying I’m totally calling a satirical book about my life “Zoloft Twinkies” now or anything and dedicating it to you roll call people but ... I actually will be doing exactly that! _PERSON_
175988446,_PERSON_....
175988447,"Making mistakes is really how we learn. Instead of focusing on the mistake, think of what you learned or got out of the situation. Then just focus on the ""now"". I am sorry for what you are going through with the anxiety. I know it is difficult. But we all have faith that you will come out of this okay. Have a blessed day... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988448,_PERSON_ sucks. That is all...
174386202,Eh. I don’t smoke or eat edibles all the time. It’s acutely helping somewhat. I manage to sleep last night. I have a lot going on right now. Let’s just leave it at that.
175988449,"I've never heard of Honey Guides before. They lead Honey Badgers to honey, and some of them are parasitic to other nests too https://www.britannica.com/animal/honey-guide Also thinking about how cool an Opalescent Nudibranch would be for a pet - especially if was bigger"
175988450,"That's great, _PERSON_!"
175988451,"Thanks, yeah I’m taking my meds. I was just thinking about watching something funny too. I talk to my doctor Thursday so if it doesn’t get better maybe she’ll have some ideas."
175988452,My last city didnt have this. Idk why.
175988453,I'm really scared. I think the voices are back. And the delusions.
175988454,Why????.?
175988455,"DBT is my most helpful skillset. Other than prayer and exercise, yoga and meditation. DBT should be required for all people w scz or bp disorder. It is just ridiculous to suggest it is only for bpd or whatever. It is magical. She and Doc _NAME_ should both win the Nobel Prize for Medicine, as far as I am concerned."
175988456,Yay!! The library is opening starting next week for curbside pickup
175988457,Not good
175988458,"I play lords mobile, marvel, guns of glory, kings of avalon and hempire on my phone."
175988459,I find my psychotic features are most powerful when i am ready to go to sleep too!!! Try to prepare yourself at night that you might experience them. And of course the right medication really helps.
175988460,Hope your therapy appointment goes well I hope you're able to sleep soon or get a med adjustment to help with the possible mania
175988461,"I would love to see _PERSON_ parody the Coronavirus 2019 scare with a zombie apocalypse/Fast and Furious Corona beer commercial. Hiring scores of authentic Amazonian tribespeople to take out ostrich-riding and penguin-sledding zombies by using COVID-19-tainted blowguns. _PERSON_ deserves to be a cult hero, and I see Commercials Made in Extremely Bad Taste as the best way to sear his image on mass public consciousness. The more I read about _PERSON_, the more I like him."
175988462,Just bummed because i know my mom wont come to see me.
175988463,"I'm feeling a bit better today. Not too anxious or sad. I'm not thrilled about work because I have nothing but that boring scanning to do. I'm going to wait until after our morning meeting, put on an audio book and then just scan. Should be okay. Just boring. My wrist looks okay after yesterday's near incident. The marks are still there but slight. My T said I'm doing good. So I am trying to take that in and not be harsh with myself. Brought in a newer picture of my two nieces to put on my desk at work. They're so adorable. One is 16 and the other is 3. The picture is one I got for Christmas and I kept meaning to bring it in."
175988464,I was totally craving cinnamon rolls this morning...wish I had a magical vending machine ?
175988465,"First, from my personal experience, I have found that it has been a really big help to me knowing that I am not alone in feeling this way. And you should know that what you feel is common. I struggle every day with getting out of bed. I struggle every day with how productive I am at work (I should be working right now - but here I am!). And every day I go to bed hoping I will have more strength tomorrow. For me, I have found that medication has helped. And therapy and talking to people and hearing about the experiences of other people has helped (even if it is on a forum). I have also found that setting up small goals, and meeting them helps. Every day you get out of bed is a win. Every day you get something done at work is a win. Posting on this forum, frankly, is also a win. It took me a long time to build up the nerve to do it. Take your wins. Know that others are fighting the same fight you are fighting. And get help - it helps."
175988466,No it's not
175988467,"I'm starting to get over my fear of choking. Using a lot of distractions, diverting my thoughts immediately whenever I start to think about it, put an image of a big stop sign in my mind whenever the thoughts come up"
175988468,Took my meds. But I dont have anymore morning meds.
174386262,I have another medical appointment today. I'm a little nervous about it. Maybe if I got a few more hours of sleep I would feel better. But the appointment is in the morning and I don't want to oversleep.
175988469,I thought you got some new tattoos ?
175988470,I think it's more about women who use makeup than remaining single.
175988471,Awesome!!
175988472,"My sister gave me some constructive criticism over my book, starting with chapter three. She was right. I hate to _USER_ID_ a book that is published. I should have kept it for another month. _PERSON_, I went ahead and edited it and republished it starting tomorrow. :-/ At the beginning of the book I tried to use poetic devices and it just resulted in awkward conversation, so I tamed and trimmed it. That rhyme wasn't on purpose lol. The company I work for isn't doing well at all. We hired a woman, who is pretty good but she can't lift a ladder, and avoids difficult tasks, and often takes shortcuts. I wish we had 2 more entry level workers to help me do the annoying stuff, like nailing down 2x4's on the roof so we can scale it to paint the high stuff."
175988473,_PERSON_ I guess I could soon
175988475,"Hollywood Undead, Swan Songs album"
175988476,"I’m selling my Xbox. I never ever play it and I just, for some reason, can’t get into it. But the switch i play so much and pc now, and now VR. Idk why I can’t get into Xbox but I never sold it for fear of video game FOMO and cuz now my fiancé is a gamer."
175988477,"Hey PC, We all stumble along the way so put it behind you and make right now a new time to stop - Stop ! Don't beat yourself up about it, you are human."
175988478,It's Monday tomorrow and I'm wondering if I could tell the SW about losing half my hair and my scalp hurting. I don't want any attention drawn to myself.
175988479,"I watched Sunday mass. The homily was very good, inspiring. My sister is dropping off some Baileys or _PERSON_’s today and a half gallon of ice cream. Just been working through that DBT workbook. I think this will help me a lot. And my mood is good for a 2nd day in a row. I talk to my therapist on Wednesday. It will be nice to tell her I’m not having Possible trigger: suicidal thoughts ."
175988480,"About to have lunch in a little bit. Sandwich, apple, chips, and cookies. I'm drinking plain unsweetened black iced tea at the moment."
175988481,"I had another memory I'd forgotten all about until a horse topic came up a while back. After my folk's house burned down in my teens, I moved into an old cabin on my grandfather's farm. He was in a home by then, but I was friends with the caretakers who had been living in the main house. He had bred racehorses and there were still about 6-7 horses left. My favourite was 5 years old, had never been broken (due to his decline), and she was nicknamed Baby because she was hostile as ###$ and tantrumed like a very big baby. She used to try to hurt people by charging them or cornering them and trying to kick. One time she came up to the caretaker who was sitting against the fence and missed her head by mere inches. Trying to get a farrier for her was almost impossible. One guy proudly declared he could handle any horse. He was very aggressive with her; at one point smoking her below the ribs with the handles of his giant metal clippers. I felt terrible that he was our last resort ... until she eventually 
pretended to comply with him and almost lay down on/sat on him - having him half pinned underneath her while he was holding one of her hooves. He left shaking and saying he had a family to care for. She didnt just go for humans. I watched her grazing with little birds flitting around; her continuing to graze while calmly lifting her front leg and then slamming it down where a little starling or sparrow had been moments before. The birds always got away just in time (as far as I saw). She tried to attack dogs and cats too. We thought she killed a small dog once - thankfully the ground was soft in the spring thaw and melting snow. Another time I saw her grazing over an ant's nest; it looked like she was eating them. The horses had a hierarchy that they adhered to - except for her of course. She bullied the horse with most the seniority to the point that we had to separate the two. Feeding was also an issue with her, she'd corner and bully - same if she thought you had treats in your pockets. I liked to keep the 
gate at the front of the driveway shut and let all the horses out in the front yard, so they'd be closer to me (the same way people keep dogs or chickens in their front yards). I liked them right outside my cabin window. One of the caretakers had gotten her hands on imported seeds that produced high-yield poppies which she'd planted along the side of the cabin years ago. Before I got a chance to make any teas or anything, one of the horses ate the pods that I had tried to bleed under the late summer's sun Baby scratched up the caretaker's car by dragged her teeth along the hood multiple times. She was beautiful in an odd angled way and I took to her and attempted to befriend her. I'd regularly try to put her on a lead and she'd regularly rear up and try to fall on me. I'd get stoned, follow her around and weave dandelion crowns to offer her. Eventually she stopped trying to charge me, fall on me, kick me, and bite me. I even got a lead on her and occasionally took her for walks to a nearby park. She'd spook o
thers by making loud, alarming horn / reverse-snort sounds when she saw things she didn't like. She didn't like mailboxes. She never liked me much either, but she tolerated me. If anything needed to be done with her, I'd get called because she'd refrain from hurting me. Obviously, I had no means of independently keeping a horse. I moved; my grandfather died; his farm was sold. She was given (they bought her sister) to a man who had a family and a bit of land. They were a fairly poor family, but had very good hearts. His daughter was crazy about Baby's sister. I went and visited a year later. Not only did Baby show liking for that man, but he could ride her, do her feet and everything - it was quite wonderous. I was jealous that she liked him more than she ever liked me, but I was also happy they were in good hands. Anyways, to make a long tangent (that I enjoyed indulging in) short... Since one of you has taken the countryside for the coming apocalypse and the other has taken the trees, I'm going to go search 
for Atlantis or Lemuria or something."
175988482,"As The World Caves In by _NAME_ is pretty good, kinda emotional but i personally have used it to get through the year :)"
175988483,"Yes, took my morning meds and my supplements."
175988484,I’m pretty certain my meds or something is poisoning me
175988485,_AT_MENTION_--I've seen a Beautiful Mind--I've not read the book but I thought the movie was fantastic.
175988486,Morning. Thank god the week is almost over. IÂ’ve not enjoyed this week at all. Supposed to be 67 and sunny today!! IÂ’m pretty excited itÂ’s been so miserable lately.
175988487,I have my new _PERSON_ lined blanket on it’s so soft and warm. I’m gonna put some perfume on I have a beanie on I’m drinking a nice hot cup of coffee
175988488,my roommate got his stimulus check 30 minutes ago.
175988489,"Had a job interview today. We will see how that went. Hopefully, I'll get the job."
175988490,That's good that he seemed hopeful Hopefully he gets over the flu soon
175988491,Yes I did.
175988492,Some rich dude goes broke and gets a job at Starbucks....these are the lessons he learned...just starting it so I don’t know more
174386302,"We understand and are here for you friend. I didn't have direction in life until I was 26, and becoming a professor now, hahaha that's never going to happen. Plus phl jobs are nearly impossible to get. Market is overflooded to hell. If there's a book you want to read you have to ask yourself under what conditions you will read it in. I need a couple beers and I need to be out of my comfort zone of my place to live, so I go out to Panera bread (its like a coffee shop with pasteries and ****** food (some vegetarian options) or I go to a bar and sit in a corner without the internet to distract me. Or you could play a game. I found games and movie theaters help alleviate my anhedonia a bit. I recommend watching _NAME_ 1 and 2 and then go see _NAME_ in theater. It was amazing!!!"
175988493,I really haven't had any hallucinations since starting the Latuda.
175988494,"Yes, it's happened to me a few times. They never tell you why."
175988495,We made a new roll call at the same time xd
175988496,"_AT_MENTION_ I just tried duolingo. I don’t really get the features, can you see which level are you on after you did the test?"
175988497,I miss mine honestly not gonna lie. Well I miss when they r interactive and funny and motivate me to think outside the box. But usually there's a point where they turn dark and disturbing and dangerous
175988498,"Currently got roped back into _NAME_: Breath Of The Wild. Omg it’s so good, so fun!"
175988499,"I have a starbucks house blend k-cup sitting on my desk, and a box of starbucks caramel k-cups and a box of starbucks mocha k-cups on my credenza. Those are a little too sweet for me but my sis got them for me."
175988500,"I'll ask my pdoc. The question is, at what dosage is right for treatment. I was asking bpolarcyclist about this too, but he kinda disappeared, and never told me if he actually got it, and if it worked. But Yeah, I'll talk to my psychologist. She wanted me to talk to a consultant, but those consultants are for those clinics. speaking of I better make an appointment to see her. =)"
175988501,Beautiful SP!
174386320,Yeah! That's good to hear _AT_MENTION_ Dawn!
175988502,"I think reaching out does help. _PERSON_ said, ""You can't solve a problem with the same mind that created it."" You were into circular thinking. I've done that and also didn't know how to reach out for help. So this website does help. You don't even have to leave your house. Maybe you can give us a report on how your new medicine is helping."
175988503,"Multiple people, maybe attack was too strong a word. My parent's told me I had mental issues for not wanting a romantic relationship when I was young. Which was absolutely ridiculous, so it's not like that affected me much. However, they seemed pretty disturbed I had a sexual relationship outside a magical relationship so I decided it was easier to just go with the flow and ""date"" after that. Or just make them believe I'm in a relationship. Ex lovers haven't verbally attacked me, but they made it obvious they couldn't cope with the type of relationship I wanted and I always have to cut ties completely. I find it sort of disturbing, but I guess their feelings are considered more within the realm of normal. Insisting claim over me, I mean, when I made it clear that is not what I wanted. They would lie to people about who I am to them, making threats that I need to go along with it. Lol. It's all ridiculous! Then comes children. Once I had them it become obvious that leaving their father would be a 
huge ordeal. He is a good lover so I guess this is fine until the kids are older. I don't really mind him being around, but trying to maintain a real relationship takes a lot of effort and is stressful. Still a better option than the alternative. Women in general receive lots of comments about needing men and children. No one ever quiet believes a woman wouldn't want those things. My sister never had children, she is forty and my mom still brings it up several times a year. It's beyond her comprehension. Then women are shamed more often for seeking sexual needs outside acceptable means. THEN, when a woman isn't in a relationship they are sought out more by men. That is a little murky though. There are men who simply don't care if you have a boyfriend and also (with strangers) you can just lie. I used to wear a ring as if I was married when I was single."
175988504,"Sorry if it seems like I’m grilling you With questions, I apologize."
175988505,Sounds awesome! Dont forget Game Pass!
175988506,You are very welcome here.
175988507,Linkin Park - A Line in the Sand
175988508,20 oz cold brew coffee
175988509,For dinner I had spaghetti w/ spicy Italian turkey sausage and a spinach salad
175988510,"_PERSON_ ""I'm just gonna say it, INP's are the most brilliant types. They can outthink everyone. INFP's are actually amazing day traders in the financial market"". Could be wrong but just what I need to hear cuz I often think about ditching day trading for being an INFP xd"
175988511,"Where to start.. first of all, safety of everyone around him is most important - to the extent where I might even recommend finding a juvenile attorney to make the case that he be detained if his behaviors continue. Seriously, if he's a threat to everyone around him, that's probably where he needs to be. I'd also look into detention centers across the country that have success with serial offenders, etc. It would seem that he's learned that nothing matters, which is not true. Look into 'Optimistic Nihilism'.. which resolves the false sense that there is no meaning to the world or universe. Also the moral philosophy of 'Desirism' involves the study and focus of our desires in terms of not only the first domino to fall in terms of our ultimate actions but also delves into the many ways in which desires are malleable and may be influenced by others. I would stay away from any sorts of punishment besides rehabilitative incarceration after all hope is lost, but finding little ways to encourage better th
inking patterns and learning to foster remorse when something terrible happens could do more good than harm. It would be a stretch to try to divine some sort of goal or rationale for his behavior but there must be, even if it's only a fascination with destruction and harm. He could very well be a lost cause especially if he's unable to learn but given that he seems to have become more dangerous over time there may be some hope left in turning things around.. I hope? If you can identify the crossed beams of conflict in his thinking about why things happen and how to do better than life currently is then there might be a path forward for him. Again.. focus on praise and reward avoiding condemnation and punishment.. His behavior seems to be a fascination with the latter so avoid those types of remediation at all costs. In many ways, it doesn't matter if he has no remorse at this point. He's clearly pushing the boundaries when it comes to pain and punishment with the notion that he's invincible in spite of them a
ll. If he learns how succumbing to violence is itself a weakness, how his father was actually demonstrating weakness in his abuse of his mother - that there's much greater strength and meaning in mercy, forgiveness, and kindness.. it may be possible to turn his life around yet. Best of luck,"
175988512,"I'm seeing a psychologist. Only seen her twice so far. I hear voices but on extremely rare occasion I'll see something that I now know wasn't real, but to me it looks 100% real. If my psychologist finds out about this then can she require me to be on meds while driving? Is this going to show up on drivers license? Thanks so much for any help!"
175988513,Oatmeal w/ blueberries and almond milk
175988514,"I used to do art therapy support group but it is no longer available to me Attached Images 20210121_025558.jpg (509.6 KB, 7 views)"
175988515,Mushrooms and onions and a piece of bread w/ hummus
175988516,"Thank you very much. Your message made me feel calm inside. I think I’m just scared I’ll end up with the wrong therapist, but I will start looking for one. It’s hard opening up a lot when you’ve always dealt with things being thrown back in your face. It makes you scared to tell those who can help ?."
175988517,Hey! I’m watching inside _PERSON_ brain too
175988518,Don't have any ice but I was just able to have a little water
175988519,"Terrible sleep and just wiped this morning, but think I took everything so far."
175988520,"It's good that you wrote in. I don't know how y'all have made it for 5 minutes so we can start with a pat on the back. The situation seems very complicated, and in a way it seems very simple. The simple is, if she's bipolar, why doesn't she go to a psychiatrist? I'm bipolar (1 the net says which is full manic, bipolar 2 the net says is hypomanic where the mania is not as severe). I didn't go to a psychiatrist, either, for a long time, and I too was described by others as they felt they had to walk on eggshells when around me. I thought it was just them making mistakes, not me being too critical. So, I didn't recognize my problems, either. I think they say people often have to hit a crisis before they go to a psychiatrist. What as my crisis? I had something like a panic attack. Is there anyway she would go to a psychiatrist? Especially if she already knows she's bipolar. Why am I so calm right now and she's so upset? Because I'm taking Lithium. Hello! How difficult is that? It's pretty easy, actuall
y. I just take 2 pills a night and I can function. (I also take Mirtazapine anti-depressant. With bipolar, you need 2 meds, Lithium for the mania and an anti-depressant. If they diagnose her as depressed, and give her an anti-depressant only, it will send her into mania, so she needs a stabilizer (like Lithium) also. I remember when I took my first lithium (she's never taken Lithium so she doesn't know what the difference is going to be), I felt like a 100-pound weight had been lifted off of my shoulders. I didn't know I was so uptight. What was it like before I went to a psychiatrist? I just kept getting more and more wound up without knowing anything was wrong. I did know in a manner of speaking that something was wrong, in that as I kept pacing around my apartment and thinking, ""I need to go to a psychiatrist."" But then my negative feels came up and turned down that idea, ""Well which one are you going to get?"" and I gave up on the idea. So it was negative feelings in connection with my bipolar that got 
me in trouble. Are you generally positive when it come s to solving problems?"
174386349,"I'm new and would like to participate. What do I do? I have been around for eight years, but I haven't been active for a while. I was very ill. Right now I am doing well, except for being totally isolated with no support and no visitors allowed in my building. I have Schizoaffective, anxiety, agoraphobia. But I'm mostly stable. And most of the time I am doing okay. Today was a very good day. I would like to participate in this thread, and get involved. Maybe some of you could guide me? Thanks."
175988521,"Yeah, it's gonna be weird"
175988522,"I should've added, I havent completed a video game in 10 years. That's why my ability to finish one shows how well I'm actually doing."
175988523,"There's a side to psychosis that isn't talked about called ""Formal thought disorder"". It has a huge amount of symptoms like.. Do you have any children? yes Boy or girl? One is a girl Do you have any boys? One What age is the girl? 15 What age is the boy? 18 (That's like pure negative symptom psychosis) Instead of.. Do you have any children? Yes. A boy and a girl. What age are they? My youngest daughter is 15 and my oldest son is 18 So antipsychotics seem to help with this"
175988524,"Dear pinklucozade, I am so sorry that you are burdened with what you wrote about in your post. It must be a source of stress and distress in your life. I think you are exceptionally heroic to have carried this burden so many years. Wish I knew what to say that would help, but I am not a physician or medical professional. Hopefully others here with more knowledge, experience and wisdom will see and respond to your post. I do want to welcome you here to the Forums. I have found this a nice place where one can communicate with others going through the same or similar things. People unafflicted with mental health burdens have no idea how burdensome they are and how heroic are those who bear them. I sure hope you will eventually be able to be diagnosed and treated so you will not have suffer this ordeal you describe. So sorry that I could not be helpful to you. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175988525,Yep one can recover. One can manage better. Cheers _NAME_. HT
175988526,isnt that what cog wanted to do?
175988527,This whole social isolation thing is really getting to me. I’m not the most social person but this is just depressing. Maybe it’s because I’m by myself. If I had someone here it would be better.
175988528,It’s actually really easy just fruit and sugar with maybe some added pectin depending on the fruit you’re using....my favorites were blueberry pineapple mixed and then the classic strawberry but it’s so much better homemade. If you use it within a month in the fridge you don’t even need to can it in a water bath. But that part isn’t hard either you just need the right kind of jars with rings and lids and then a jar lifter to pull them out of the boiling water.
175988529,I really really just want to goto sleep and idk. Just forget everything.
175988530,"I've never done this (slept in my clothes) I imagine, (at least with the stuff I wear), it would be very, very hot"
175988531,Going to the pharmacy tomorrow. Didn't feel like going today after going grocery shopping. Just finished Year of Wonders by _NAME_. Good book. It's been rainy lately and I love it.
175988532,"No. I mean everything is as I expected, plus more. Like for one, I didnt think at all my story was gonna be accepted by the Mighty. _PERSON_ it states on their submit a story page that they get a lot of submissions and cant look at all of them, plus it said that if it's too long, or whatever else that they cant post it, it would just go into the thought box. If a story is sent to the thought box it is posted, but only on the Mighty, and only on your profile for everyone to see. I went in that and I go into other things expecting full well that it may not work. It helps that I dont have the best self esteem, so I am already expecting nothing to come of anything. And the Google book partner was the same way. Even worse tho. It said on their page you can put in application to get an invitation, but that they werent accepting many people right now. Etc everything else. The apt. Well, yes sucks it isnt upgraded, but that's the least of my worries. Idk. Maybe it is what has me down just a bit. I dont und
erstand. I just dont understand. I have to be the luckiest person in the world. This past 2 years nearly everything seems to just come to me without much trying. Idk why god chose me for this life. What did I do so right that I have all these opportunities coming to me? I also wonder since most everything I've been doing might have been in mania, so maybe I'm hitting the depression side. _PERSON_ I been going and going for days now, if not 3 weeks or this whole month."
175988533,"I suppose that deep down it's based on fear, like pretty much all of my disorders, but the predominant feeling is more like apathy. Disinterest. Like when some stranger starts making small talk. I don't see the point in trying to muster up the enthusiasm to engage with people I find disinteresting don't see too much of. No, my demeanor is more aloof and spacey."
175988534,I have that on as well
175988535,"Hey, anyone still online?"
175988536,Can’t wait to go to sleep. Super tired
175988537,"Hello, so this is my first post here. I have found very little information on comorbidity of these two disorders, so i would very much like to know what are your experiences with it? What I am interested in, is the aspect of high neuroticism which we see with avpd but low with schizoid....two disorders are theoretically similar in some ways but very different in others. As having both and very confused insight in my own feelings, i struggle to grasp how these two can be combined. Don't get me wrong I do understand them separately, i read a lot... But found almost no literature on how it is if you have both. How can you have fear as your primary emotion, but everything else is somehow hard to feel? I apologize for my lengthy post and the confusion. Your input is much appreciated!"
175988538,Had a nice subway for dinner.....
175988539,Jesus. It’s stuff like that that made me glad I didn’t go into it.
175988540,Work has been keeping me busy so I cut the phenibut down to half. No benzos needed either. Just 2.5mg of diazepam.
175988541,Called my dad but got voicemail.
174386373,"Sorry you experienced that, akithisia is horrible I seem to be doing well on the Abilify, it's gotten rid of my hallucinations and paranoia, maybe it's because of being on Thorazine too though, that might be helping as well."
175988542,Going to bake some cookies
175988543,Rain always seems spiritual to me for some reason. Maybe that’s odd but eh we all know I’m strange.
175988544,Lemon zinger tea
175988545,"Good morning all I'll be visiting with my sister today. We'll hang out in the afternoon over bubble tea and then we'll probably order out for dinner and watch some more IT Crowd. It will boost my mood which I need a little bit of today as I'm feeling a little ""off."" Hang in there, C"
175988546,I completely forgot it was my moms birthday til now. She seemed upset. It's almost 8pm. Ugh. I hate my life. I'm not good for a good dam thing. And I should be exterminated.
175988547,"The insanity plea goes back millenniums. It's all over Greek tragedy. I think _PERSON_ would be a strong supporter of it. If one is taken out of the intelligible realm, where we humans use reason, then they are no longer free. Delusions detach us from the intelligible realm because our common sense reasons on how causation works is tainted by fear, paranoia even grandiosity, and the madness works on us as if we're puppets or pawns."
175988548,Idk why my pictures always post at the wrong angle when I put them here
175988549,"I guess I'll stick to stuff that doesn't need to be baked until my sister gets back from North _USER_ID_. She'll be back Thursday, I'll have her come over here and help me feel more relaxed and get over my fear"
175988550,"Protip: Don’t assign roles or names or anything to any voices you hear. It personalizes them and makes things worse (at least it did for me). As to saying whether they say things that are true, unless YOU can prove it, ignore it. My voices have incorrectly predicted my death for some time now. I’m still here g-d it."
175988551,"I only have half a slice left, still want to trade?"
175988552,Why am I so sad right now since my dad left. Like so sad. I fear his safety but I really shouldn’t I don’t think. Everyone tells me he’s fine and doing fine. _PERSON_ sees him at work everyday. My sister says he’s fine. But I lived with him for 10 years and not anymore. I’ve seen him go through his alcohol usage. And when he comes over now he doesn’t talk much since I moved out. Like he’s shy or something idk. Makes me very very sad. Like I want to be back with him.
174386394,"Got my delivery thing yesterday. I haven't made the meals yet 'cause I'm too lazy, haha. But I will do it tomorrow."
175988553,"In my 20s I used to get fixated on the subject of loneliness and isolation whenever I was stressed or depressed. I think it was largely because I had ambitions, and ambitions come with requirements (such as ""having a life""). Fortunately though that doesn't happen anymore ever. I don't have ambitions other than maintaining my sanity. All connections in my life that entailed ""second-order relationships"" or other similar obligations are long gone. I don't miss them. I really can't stand that type of thing. It's not something I can choose to accept or embrace. It's just beyond my abilities, and I'm way better-off accepting this fact. I would love to have a circle of superficial friends to do some mundane leisure activity with on a regular basis, _PERSON_-style. In this day and age that doesn't exist anymore though. Not without pretty big ""second-order requirements"" at least. You don't ""know someone from the bowling alley"", you ""go bowling with coworkers"". Which, besides being forced and awkwa
rd in so many ways which already defeats the purpose, also requires you to have a job with coworkers to begin with, which really defeats the purpose. Just how it is, not much I can do about it. So I play video games instead."
175988554,showered did my hair perfume clean shirt
174386377,"Thanks for sharing _NAME_, As an update they have diagnosed him with Schizoaffective Disorder. But I’m thinking it will eventually be diagnosed Bipolar-he hasn’t had any episodes of mania just yet but his mom has Bipolar and wasn’t correctly diagnosed until she was in her 30s. Do you mind me asking what medication you take? I’m just so worried that he’s not on the correct medication and that it will do more harm than good..."
175988555,Ruminating a little bit tonight. Not quite as bad as other nights. But still doing it.
175988556,_NAME_ died Dmx may soon pass
175988557,_PERSON_ that’s what I mean. Start being productive at 6am.
175988558,SP: I thought AD was joking about the fear thing kinda like I know no fear Me: I know she was. And I was joking about explaining fear. But then I scared myself even though I was kidding with myself but wasn't sure.. I felt the bad trip happening again.. I know I'm weird..
175988559,Hi everybody! I just found out my sister is coming for a visit (with the five nieces and nephews) for four days. Not sure what to do with all of them for so long but it will be good to see them. _PERSON_
175988560,"Time outside this morning , connecting and not connecting with nature. Sat and waited for sun to shine and planned my day. Inside for light breakfast and exercise."
175988561,Are there any food pantries where you live newtus?
175988562,Yes you can. The purists will debunk this as it not exacting to the mania and the depression. Bp2 is more on the depressive and now i too have learnt that you can have bi polar without exhibiting mania or being manic. Not ofey on the name given it... HT
175988563,I'm so glad sunday is over. Weekends suck cuz everything is closed. I'm ready for this week.
175988564,Figure out what's triggering your anxiety and try to work through it. Talk therapy might help. I take Hydroxozine for anxiety. It works great for me. I don't feel sedated and still fell like it's there helping. Talk to your doc! ? You'll be okay. Take care.
175988565,That's great!
175988566,"I think this was a smart move, you reminded her smoothly with the kitty picture"
175988567,I havent and still in bed wearing my hospital pajamas
175988568,Thanks guyyyys
175988569,"i am so sorry, _PERSON_. I feel for you, I do. I have been on 52 psych meds so far. And counting. I know. I know."
175988570,"I really did. I had to hurry and make food and rush to the couch cuz I started shaking, feeling dizzy, and yea, cold."
175988571,"Yeah fortunately I have the individual packets of kava tea, so they (I hope) stay without the bacteria, haha. _USER_ID_, wait, you said unopened... ?"
175988572,I’m getting depressed/sad over this whole thing with what’s going on. I don’t know what to do.
175988573,"My sister is coming over this weekend to help me bake bread with the bread machine, I'll give her some of the peanut butter fudge if she likes it. Saturday I'm making that chicken crockpot recipe that has chicken breasts that you cook in a crockpot and shred with cream cheese, shredded sharp cheddar cheese, ranch seasoning, and bacon bits, then put it on hamburger buns"
174386418,"I was reading reddit and psychonauts (People that use psychedelics) were talking about having songs stuck in their heads.. One person said that he has aphantasia and only has his voice and can't visualize anything.. then I think about hyperphantasia or how I would always have a song stuck in my head before having a dissociative panic attack before I had them - When I was having them.. dissociative drugs are hallucinogens.. and I think about how I dont get songs stuck in my head anymore maybe because of the antipsychotic. It goes back to what I was saying in how antipsychotics decrease visualization or imagination.. and hallucinations... People that draw can have visualizations in their heads which makes them want to draw them out to get it out of their heads.. just like how playing the song that is stuck in your head on speakers or earbuds can get rid of the song.. That's why people with schizophrenia are so creative.. I think about how psychedelics could be a cure to aphantasia.. etc etc etc.. The
se are the types of racing thoughts that I have.. I want to draw and play music.. and I really need to pay attention to the news more.. all the things I have planned for myself, I can never do a little bit of all in one day.."
175988574,Help from Heaven_PERSON_
175988575,Good News _AT_MENTION_!!
175988576,I found out my cousin has been talking shyt about me and my mental health.
175988577,"Hi UA!!! Glad to see you post. I hope this means you are feeling better. Looking forward to seeing you on the forum. Happy New Year! Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988578,"Animal Crossing _NAME_ card Replacement usb cable for Kindle Listerine mouthwash _NAME_ paperback box set 1-7 Twilight saga paperback box set Midnight Sun by _NAME_, hardcover Life and Death: Twilight Reimagined by _NAME_, paperback Halloween: The Official Movie Novelization by _NAME_ (paperback) An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness by _NAME_ (paperback) a full art ultra rare Pokemon card Iron Fey series volume 1: An Anthology, by _NAME_ (Kindle edition) Back to Bite You (The Sharpest Kiss book 2) by _NAME_ (Kindle editon) Yesterday's Demon (The Sharpest Kiss book 3) by _NAME_ (Kindle edition)"
175988579,I have no Advil and don't want to walk in 80 degree heat to the pharmacy so I put 30mg CBD under my tongue. Also took a 2.5mg THC gummy. I'm gonna take 2.5mg THC every morning and see if that boosts my motivation.
175988580,"_PERSON_, I agree with you that mild depression is unpleasant too. I've had depression issues for years. Sometimes mild, at other times moderate, and sometimes severe. But even mild depression feels quite bad, I think. I'm glad you are currently seeing a therapist. I hope the homework assignments your counselor is going to be giving you will be helpful to you."
175988581,Possible trigger: Sort of want to die
175988582,I keep having the same thought... It's making it really hard to take them...
175988583,I totally agree...?
175988584,"Thank you so much for reaching out. Many of us need models and reminders that asking for help is step one to making a change. So thank you for that. What I’m learning from o&oacademy.com is the value of a calm quiet mind. Meditation for Beginners http://www.breathingroom.com/meditation-for-beginners-2 ( maybe on you tube too) is when I do anything make any decision or just effort at helping another if I’m doing it from a busy, stressed, suffering mind it just builds in the stress. So I do these short meditations to get to a beautiful calm state before I act. Only beautiful things can build from that place. (Meditations they have range from 4 minutes to 25) And the magic or the ripple effect of how many I touch when I’m in the beautiful state changes those around me too ( clarification here: my agenda is not to change another just to make a choice from beautiful mind, so I can be more peaceful in my daily life) I hope this helps. It’s a life saver for me. And from Mr _NAME_ ( my latest guru) 
I remember to connect to the little part of me that is overwhelmed and I have a sweet conversation with myself. “I hear you little one. You’re scared and overwhelmed. It’s hard isn’t it. What are healthy ways to help you to feel heard or safe” then I wait for the answers. They do come. Or the overwhelmed voice just dissolves from feeling heard. (Less tantrums). Keep asking and showing up for yourself, it’s hard to retrain ourselves to remember your inner (mind) health is so very important to maintain yet so many benefits from the efforts. Blessings to you on your epic journey. It’s not an easy one for sure. ?????"
175988585,Just played at least 1.5 hours of graveyard keeper. It’s so fun but so confusing. Idk what to do in the game other than bury bodies.
175988586,Yes but sarcosine made me slightly manic! Well more than slightly as time went on.
175988587,Ebook or paper?
175988589,Glad your reading is ok again
175988590,"We have all been there. You succumb to a random crying jag on your otherwise cheery run. Or you snap at your significant other for being the no-biggie, usual-bit late. When your mood’s doing more swinging than the major leagues, you might be wondering what’s up. “We all have mood swings at times, whether triggered by something real or perceived,” says _NAME_, a Manhattan-based mental health counselor and coach. Life’s usual mix of ups and downs can bring on a bout of irritability or heightened reactivity. And if that isn’t enough, Aunt _PERSON_’s visitation schedule and the resulting flux in hormones can have an added impact on mood for us gals. Recent stats say that around 90 percent of people who menstruate experience symptoms of premenstrual syndrome (PMS) , which could include feeling a bit emotionally topsy-turvy. https://www.healthline.com/health/causes-of-mood-swing?slot_pos=article_3&utm_source=Sailthru%20Email&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=bipolar&utm_content=2019-05-08&apid=
_PHONE_NO_"
175988591,"Hey thanks, it's just thoughts. I ended up falling asleep for a couple hours and feel a little better"
175988592,"I think I feel more comfortable putting all my money to _PERSON_ than asking fiance. Because hes good at saving money and I'm not. I couldve asked him to pay his half of the phone bill but If I had 100 something left over, who knows what I wouldve spent it on. It's usually best that I have very little money in my account day to day lol. Hes much tighter with his money. He keeps me in check. Only stuff he spends his money on is smoke and food for lunch at work, but he buys 25 cent corndogs from the food _NAME_ at work. Ugh. I spent 11 dollars on chipotle because I was afraid to tell my boss I didnt want it, the other day. Oh and that desk I bought for 125. It's actually a 1000 dollar desk. So I think I made a good decision."
175988593,Yes I took my medications but not my supplements. I'll have to get those in tonight with my night medications.
175988594,"I'll find the middle ground and just go down to 120mgs then. I was fine on 80mgs for years though. The reason my doctor upped the dosage is to deal with my insomnia, and now that im on a moodstabilzer, im fine. The ap uppage did nothing but bring akathasia that I still have to take for it. I know, I know, ""DT your paranoid, read your posts, dude."" lol That's not going to change. I've been publicly shamed, and I brought this upon myself, and a lot of my therapy goes into helping me cope with all of that jazz."
175988595,I feel really depressed even though I'm on phenibut. I was listening to summertime sadness by lana del ray and now I'm going to try and play it on the guitar! Good coping mechanism right? I feel like music is my soul.
175988596,"I had these really good blueberry pancakes with raspberry jam on top from ihop. But the food was cold. I also made black bean burritos from scratch a few days ago. Made with black beans, cauliflower rice, cilantro and Mexican cheese."
175988597,Now I’m craving salad.....maybe I’ll have my _NAME_ for dinner.
175988598,I’m gonna play some of the Sims 4 on my Xbox this weekend
175988599,Hi _NAME_ thanks very much for the congrats! It is so exciting. I wish it was that but Im not coughing and dont seem to have and drainage. It is very odd. Thanks again!
175988600,People remember on your psychosis cough syrup adventures to never drink it on an SSRI. I did it and should have died of serotonin syndrome..
175988601,Lexapro works great for some people. Not for others. Trial and error like all of them. Starting on a very low dose might help minimize side effects. Some docs recommend use of a benzodiazepine on a very short term basis when starting on. the SSRI Good luck.
175988602,"The skies are dead, the flowers, the grass, dead. When I ask, the objects are silent. When I grasp at things they vanish in the air I look at my hands. like a magician surprised by his own trick. Everything is formless. im chasing the echoes of what was mine Through the vastness of my own repercussions. Somewhere close I hear a distant crying ."
175988603,I had went to that place. And they wouldn’t let _PERSON_ in the building. They took me to the back and talked to me about Jesus for 30 min. Said god loves me and my child and wants me to have the child regardless of the situation. Kept asking me when I was gonna get married and why I’m not married. Etc all this stuff. I don’t think they liked that I was having a child out of wedlock. I found a news story that said this place specifically parades as a women’s health center but is actually an Christian anti abortion group. I was extremely traumatized and have been since I been home. My agoraphobia is high. I feel like I’m dissociating. Etc. My anxiety is so high that I’m numb. I’ve barely been on any social media or talking to anyone at all except fiancé’s mom and a couple of very close friends. _PERSON_’s mom said my voice sounds shaky when I talked to her. I also had a chemical pregnancy which is a very early miscarriage. Which I unfortunately initially found out when I was at tha
t place. I have wanted to get out of this town ever since. It’s too conservative and I can’t be here. _PERSON_ will be driving me an hour or little less out of town for any further serious or deep medical care I need for anything. Unless it’s an emergency or just need an urgent care clinic for minor things.
175988604,"How come? Don't lose hope You may do well off it someday or on another med that you feel better on. I was on 234mg of invega every 3 weeks, didn't have withdrawal after I got off, had to change due to beginning to develope TD but that went away and I haven't had it on my current meds"
175988605,This Roll Call
175988606,I left a message for my job that I gotta cut my weekly hours 2 hours short. I hope they dont like decide to not keep me. I really want this job.
175988607,I’m sorry
175988608,"May the benedryl ease your path to sleep, see you in the morning! _PERSON_"
175988609,trying to find homes for our two pitbulls before we get kicked out in two weeks.
175988610,"Bookbub has a lot of deals on Kindle books by unknown/and lesser well known authors, I get them a lot and have enjoyed many of them"
175988611,_NAME_: Mind Control - What is really possible with technology and the power of your mind? - YouTube
175988612,"Feeling a little apathetic, unmotivated and paranoid - The olanzepine will kick in and might make me feel better. I'm not dependent on phenibut anymore - But I took 600mg to improve my mood. I was thinking of going to the cannabis store but I'll try and quit for a while and see if that improves my motivation. It's a really nice day out today, sunny"
175988613,"Once my tastebuds started working again it was actually really good, perhaps not up to Starbucks standards but I think that was the missing foam."
175988614,I was damnnnnn bb caught a tarantula AND saw the AB. But then I read “animal crossing”. It’s too early.
175988615,yup........
175988616,I have six pack > : ( But invega will make me gain weight
175988617,Is it getting dark there? You might need brighter lights?
175988618,Illvoices! I have nothing to add but the thing you said about other dimensions and imagination (Pictures in your head) was interesting..
175988619,Hello I'm new to this forum. Over the years I have experienced depression and more in the last two years anxiety. I obsess about my health. My doctor is convinced that all of my physical issues are related to the anxiety. In the past she has ran some tests and after putting me on medication it proved to be correct. More recently I am having pain in my right side and stomach. I can go days with no issues and feel very well and then suddenly it starts up again. I'm convinced I have cancer and she won't do any further testing. Does anyone else suffer from chronic pain in multiple places in their body. I even have pain in my groin area that goes into my leg a bit. When I'm in bed this is all I can think about and it causes panic attack. I really am tired of it and feel like this is never going to get better. I take buspirone 35 mg and Elavil 20 mg at night. If anyone has any words of wisdom for me I would love to hear them because I am ready to give up.
175988620,Sometimes I still do. There’s been a couple times I have splurged my money due to mania or hypomania. Other than that it’s probably best I learn to take it easy with spending anyway.
175988621,"I didn't talk to my mom last night... Maybe we'll go for a drive and I'll open up about my head being obsessive and stuff. I have a hard time talking in real life about these things, especially when they're really close like my mom. It took me like two years to tell her I was diagnosed with psychotic disorder and had been experiencing psychosis again... I'm trying to be open and honest, but it's hard. I feel like people judge me when they know about what goes on in my head, or they feel bad for me. Or just worry. My mom worries. I hate making her worry. She knows I've been manic lately, and went off my meds (which is why she's monitoring me). But she doesn't know about the obsessive thinking and the eating stuff. Why is everything so hard. IDK maybe I'm falling into depression now."
175988622,Praying for you. Sorry you're going through this and condolences to you regarding the loss of your best friend and husband.
175988623,"Hi All, ? Hope you all are doing well. ? Sometime back I shared my experience with you, however, I think I never managed to explain my experience in a way that would make sense to another person. So I thought of giving another try by thinking that one day this might help someone out there. ? I'll try my best to give you a summary of my experience, however, because of my experience, I mentioned this in my story and this is most important life lesson that I had. ? ""Nevertheless, by facing such an extreme situation, I understood the importance of having the right view and I understood that ignoring important data (due to trust issues, seeing as not important, etc..), not being able to understand the available data, not having enough data, will create delusions in our minds."" ? Therefore, it would be great if you could read the entire content when you have time since by missing important points related to my experience could lead you to a misunderstanding. I have mentioned my whole story here: Synchr
onicities Are Behind Delusions! How I managed to recover without seeking medical help! ? Here is a shorter version of my experience: ? A few years ago, due to the events that I observed around me, this is including activities on Facebook, the conversations that people had whilst I was with them, the conversations that I had with them on calls, I started noticing that they were indirectly referring to me. Though at first I thought certain things are mere coincidences only, I observed that it goes beyond to a level that I could consider as a coincidence, thus made me believe that my friends are talking about me. This kept on happening for a long time. And then later I observed people started referring to the conversations that I'm having at home thus proving me that my house has been hacked now(I observed extremely high number of synchronicities) yet I could not find any identifiable source for this leak of private conversations. These incidences created delusions in me such as my friends have fixed microphones 
in my house, my neighbors' are listening to my conversations, they see me through camera's etc.. ? I had lots of arguments with my friends but all the time, it became a surprise to them yet the very next day it kept on happening giving me evidence of lying by my friends about their involvement. This abnormal phenomena or the synchronicities simply fooled me again and again to think that my friends are indeed participating and they are listening to my private conversations. ? Later, I observed that people started referring to my thoughts too. Again I had to conclude this due to high number of synchronicities only. Certain times, I tested if my friends could refer to my thoughts by thinking specific things and again, they responded just like they knew my thoughts. Therefore, at this time I had no doubts about my conclusions. Which made me to conclude that my friends are taking NSA's (this is another false conclusion) help in decoding my thoughts. I thought NSA could have this technology since so many people onl
ine was claiming the same. At this point, people in TV and Radio also started referring to my thoughts, I also got emails from companies like Microsoft, Guardian, etc.. where these email heading always showed a meaning to my life events, which made me believe that so many people around the world knows me. And their participating in this strange harassment. These events made me to completely stop meeting my friends cause I couldn't trust them any longer. The phenomena (synchronicities) created the trust issues. ? However, later I thought I should directly handle this situation and I started having a serious conversation with one friend and he actually tried to help me. This made me to trust my friend and I knew this friend usually meet certain friends regularly and they would not lie to each other for something like this. Since, this phenomena convinced me that my friends are involved in this harassment, I created a chain of trust to understand this abnormal phenomena through him by asking him to clarify if ot
hers are aware of anything related to my life. To surprise me they also didn't know anything. ? I started having deep thoughts, how I ended up in having such conclusions? What really happened to me? Why do I see a totally different world view now when I analyze this phenomena from trusted channels or trusted parties? Did someone fool me for such a long time on a daily basis? What could be the purpose and if so how? These events were real, I wasn't dreaming. To address these controversies I decided to check Facebook walls too. So I started checking Facebook profiles/ their walls, just to make sure that these statuses made by my friends, the things they shared on their walls in the past are still there and I could still find it. If so did someone hacks their profiles or did they actually made these statuses? But even if this is hacking, how can I find a logical reason for all my other observations? What about dreams? What about TV/Radio presenters? What about scriptwriters or these dramas. Emails that I got? Ne
ws articles? Power cuts, the conversations that I had over calls, etc. Hacking itself cannot explain all the controversies. Having said that I still thought of talking to my friends and wanted to know if they have actually made those statuses in the past and if so what made them do so since this should give clues to understand this mystery. And I called them, there I found out that they have actually made those statuses and shared certain posts. Certain occasions, I found out that they had random thoughts to make a status or share a post on their walls. And on certain occasions, they had specific reasons to do so. So it wasn't hacking at all, they actually had thoughts in their minds related to these actions. ? To make a status or to share a post, they should have thoughts in their minds and they should make a conscious decision. Even at this point, I cannot take any of these as mere coincidences only, cause, this is beyond what I could consider as a coincidence since this kept on happening for such a long ti
me and I carefully observed it. I tested my assumptions too and observed the reactions prior to making a conclusion. This is why I had to question the meaning of reality too and I was looking for logical answers to this mystery since at times I clearly saw controversies. Therefore, by analyzing all, I had to conclude that their thoughts are being affected in some strange way although they never knew.This was the first time that I actually knew that these are extremely abnormal coincidences or synchronicities. By affecting their thoughts, their actions have been affected. And that correlated with my life events. However, this is completely invisible to everyone. This become apparent only by deeply analyzing my observations only. We can conclude this due to the extremely high number of synchronicities that I have faced with so many people around the world. I also realized that on certain occasions my thoughts also have been affected. For example, there were times I switched on the radio just to hear them talkin
g about me (the synchronicities). ? This unidentified influence on human brains/minds is the cause behind the meaningful events or the synchronicities that I have been observing on a daily basis. My observations and the assumptions that I made to understand these meaningful events (synchronicities) made me end up in having false conclusions. This was the reason behind my delusions. Therefore, finally I started making sense of my reality and now I understand why my friends always rejected my accusations, why they got surprised all the time. ? It was almost like this phenomena had it's own mind that is capable of understanding my life and influencing the life of the people around me thus capable of fooling me, tricking me to end up in having false conclusions. Therefore, these are not delusional references as some people might think. By analysing everything, I had to conclude that not only my mind is being decoded, people's thoughts are being affected to create these synchronicities. At that time, even my famil
y members got a little bit afraid thinking that I'm going through some mental problems, however, I was lucky to find out finally that synchronicities were behind my false conclusions. I found out that doctors had a general belief that these are delusional references which is another false conclusion only since I found out that these are synchronicities. Simply by finding the right way to challenge these beliefs we can take people out of these beliefs. ? This is not all, let me list down so many other strange life experiences that I had. I found people around the world have been going through similar experiences: ? 1. Sometimes I would think of a song and then it goes in the radio. 2. Myself and my family is having a conversation and we were teasing my cousin and then the radio plays the right track out of the blue. We all started laughing just because of the timing of the song. 3. I see my friends in my dreams and they either would call me next day or they would change their facebook status that would show co
rrelation to my life activities. 4. I was thinking of a person and then he would call me. (This is not an experience that I had before in my life) 5. Songs got stuck in my head and I couldn’t forget no matter what I do 6. I observed that my friends would spontaneous start talking about something but at these times, I was thinking the same topic. 7. My mother would say words that was in my mind. (someone could think that the family members also participate but in my case I trusted my family members more than anyone on Earth so I disregarded these experiences and I couldn't make sense of it) ? Thereafter I did a massive research and I found out that people who claim that they get messages from TV/Radio, their thoughts are being broadcast, people are gang stalking etc.. are due to these synchronicities only. Addressing trust issues will vanish these delusions in the minds of people. After my understanding that synchronicities are behind these delusions, I actually managed to change a person who had a belief th
at there's a gang in city and he also believed that there are microphones in his house. I addressed his delusions in a logical manner and finally he understood that his beliefs are false but the phenomena is real. Note that he was treated for schizophrenia too by a doctor. Therefore, I like to mention, I managed to come out of my false conclusions without seeking for medical help and then I managed to take another person out of his delusions although he has been treated for schizophrenia. What are the implications of this? When you ending up in having a false conclusion or delusion, did you also observe coincidences but later that created a false belief in you? Hope this helps you! ?"
175988624,"You're welcome, I had very oily hair when I was young and I was washing it daily. Only damaged my hair further (I used to pull it out)."
175988625,"_PERSON_, that word is a bit outdated and definitely a no-no in the field and my experience in it. I know someone before mentioned how invalidating it feels to people when they are given that label."
175988626,Does anyone ever get _NAME_? I feel like my life is either on loop or I dream what will happen in the future. Its bizarre. Suggestions?
175988627,"Yeah, it's really rich and sweet. Lots of people drink it with rum in it, it's good like that too but I typically just drink it without the alcohol"
175988628,I broke down and weighed myself. I weighed more than I thought. I need to lose weight so badly. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988629,Your art is getting better and better....
175988630,"Hey there, Something similar actually happened to me. It caused a quick bout of reflux for some reason and then my throat got irritated. The same thing happened with mayonnaise also once. Sometimes your body reacts to things it never reacted to before."
175988631,"S., I understand your frustration. If you don't search for answers...that's of course not productive and keeping you from finding relief for something that could be managed well. However, when you do the testing, often we end up with more questions or worse, told there is no definitive reason for our symptoms. I admire your perseverance and do believe that you will find what you need as far as a dx...and be able to start working towards your healing/management goals given time. Keep as positive as you can while you go through the process...and know we are cheering you on! S.C."
175988632,A bag of Starbucks Christmas Blend coffee for my dad for Christmas.
174386510,"Frittata with Asparagus, Goat Cheese, and Herbs | _NAME_ This is my fave _NAME_ recipe aside from cookies ?. It’s another frittata but they’re so easy and good. This is one for the spring rotation in my mind but you can usually get asparagus whenever these days."
175988633,i recently upped my dose from 10 to 20 due to stress over the election and have no side effects either. i am so calm no i dont recognise my self -lol.
175988634,"Mother of darkness Mother of light, Earth beneath us soul in flight, Songs of love and love of life Guide us to our heart."
175988635,"Oh man, I haven’t had paprikash in forever."
175988636,I took them today. And last night.
175988637,Hope you feel better _PERSON_
175988638,"Thanks valley, possibly, I'm not really sure."
175988639,Work today and its gonna be intense. I see 3 people. I just gotta remember I'm off tomorrow.
175988640,I'm having a horrible panic attack. I don't know what to do.
175988641,I hope it went well!
175988642,"Hey _PERSON_, what's the name of your book? I wanted to buy it this month when I got paid and I got my check today."
175988643,"Pokemon Let's Go Master Trainers Explained | Master Trainer Locations This explains it, I found out about it after I bought the prima game guide for it"
175988644,"Omg downloaded so many games. 1. Cattails (Cat RPG) 2. _NAME_ got me Super Smash Bros Ultimate. (Fighting game with all the Nintendo characters across all different games. Like ash ketchum from pokemon can battle _NAME_, etc) 3. Golf Story (sports RPG) 4. Korg Gadget (Multiplayer music maker) 5. Fire Emblem: Three Houses (rpg) 6. My Time at _NAME_ (life rpg. Kinda like stardew valley) 7. Digimon CyberSleuth: Complete Edition (pretty much like pokemon. You battle and catch digimon. Rpg) 8. Onigirl (rpg) 9. Road Redemption (racing/fighting game)"
175988645,"Yes, anxiety was the trigger for my depression. Too much anxiety that itself was triggered by my chronic illness and pain, and my inability to cope with it. I know how hard it is to care for a sick parent. It is one of the hardest things a person will ever experience in their life."
175988646,"It's okay to have a healthy level of fear. Being prediabetic does lead to the possibility that you could have become fully diabetic by now. I was prediabetic for awhile and now my doc says I am diabetic type 2, but it's well controlled even without watching what I eat or exercising. I know later on, it will get worse, but right now, it is what it is. Psoriasis or eczema is more likely, in my opinion. Both are easily treatable with creams and are really just not pretty to look at but not overall big time scary. I have eczema also and found a wonder cream at a health food co-op that I like better than what the doctor gave me. If you are really scared about it, can you go to the doctor and have them look at it? They would know within 2 seconds probably what it is. My doctor, when I was having my first bad eczema breakout knew right away just looking at it. It would quiet the paranoid thoughts to know what the spots are instead of speculating."
175988647,Double check for interactions with your cough medicine and the psych meds...I know there are certain things I can’t take.... Ditch the coffee until tomorrow that will clear in 4-6 hours. Even missing one dose can cause sort of a waver...but it’s usually fixed once you take the meds again... Sorry you feel bad....hugs....
175988648,Where do I get that?
175988649,Pics?.......
175988650,Red rice sounds like Mexican rice
175988651,"Hi everyone. Hope everyone is doing good today. I'm at work, but I'm bored. =/ Bleh. So my health insurance has this free service (well it probably isn't technically free since I pay premiums and stuff, but it doesn't cost any extra). It's called Shield Support (I think). I have Blue Shield of CA. Anyway, I had my first call yesterday with the lady they assigned to me. She's a nurse. She isn't there to replace my therapist or my psychiatrist but is there to help with resources and meeting goals and stuff. We kind of had an intake (or partial intake) yesterday, and then next week when she calls me we are going to have another intake (like go over meds and stuff like that) and I have to tell her my goals. Ummm. Get better? IDK about how to set up goals for myself. So I don't really know how that part is going to work. IDK if this will be helpful or not but since it doesn't cost me anything extra I figured why not? Anyone else do something like this? She seemed really interested in my hallucinations a
nd my sui attempts and the fact that I work full time. I didn't tell her about SH though. Maybe next time. I hope this will be helpful but it's also a bit anxiety provoking for some reason. Weird, IDK. Not too sure how I feel today. I was anxious before work, but I seemed to have calmed down, maybe because I don't have too much to do right now. My sister texted and her two year old has Influenza B which I hear is really bad for children. I told my sister to be very careful with her. I'm kind of nervous about that. Hugs to everyone who wants one! _PERSON_"
175988652,I need to find a way to make money online instead of wanting to buy 10g of tianeptine (A legal opioid antidepressant to make me feel better). I can't use SSRI's because they give me panic attacks. And my tripping days are over. I just want to get rid of intrusive OCD thoughts mainly. They have come back a year ago and have gotten worse.
175988653,"_NAME_ from Linkin Park (RIP) , I grew up being a fan of them and will always love them"
175988654,"Having an honest discussion about your feelings with your spouse is not a mistake. That's the only way problems get worked out. But instead of having a responsible conversation , she just flipped it on you. Made you feel like everything is your fault. I know this subject well because my Dad is an expert at it. He could stab someone and somehow it would be my fault. That's just manipulation. When you left the night you had an argument, most spouses don't use that as a reason to get on a dating site. What about a marriage counselor ? A counselor could help you both stay focused."
175988655,"Different individuals with define ""emotional outbursts"" differently. - Screaming at someone because they forgot to close the door properly - Crying and theatrics over ""spilled milk"" - Punching walls - Throwing plates - Generalized amped-up, high intensity negative affect and behavior - Unpredictably or unreasonably going from 0-100 - Storming around and slamming doors etc ? What would your definition of emotional outbursts be? ? Were you apart from your sisters? ?Sister's ""emotional issues"" as in behavioral or emotional regulation issues? Or mood disorders? Or.. ?Are you familiar with ""dysfunctional family systems"" & ""dysfunctional family roles"" - if so, what do you think? If not, the core ""dyfuctional"" was originally formulated to be based on alcoholics, but it transferred to addicts and individuals with mental disorders (most commonly BPD & NPD) they've also found fanatically religious or just intensely dogmatic family systems to often have this too. So when the baby died and you hid 
because she was crying, her emotions frightened you and you didn't want her to touch you: ?What would it have happened if you hadn't hid? ?I'm wondering what led them to be that way: - Feeling a need for redemption? - Superstition? ?Also curious about the term distressed? - anxious? - hysterical? - domineering? - angry? - ranting & raving? - condemning? - or...? So then, you placed them ahead of yourself as if you were supposed to be the caregiver - and didn't seek comfort (thus emotional co-regulation). You've mentioned being dissociative many times ?Do you think you have a dissociative disorder? If so which one? ?What is your stance on this PD and whatever other mental health issues you experience? - Do you believe it's more genetics or nurture? * The reason I asked the one question of ""did your mother use you to regulate their own emotions?"" was because I remember as a very young child, my mother would be comforting when she needed it/felt like it (rather than contigent upon when I actually needed it). I 
found it interesting that that you ran away because I soon felt smothered and confused by the dishonesty in it and it also became one of the reasons that I tried to hide away if she was upset / emotional * If you lose the desire to answer questions, please to ignore any/all of them -- Wed Jan 22, 2020 9:18 pm -- Also, in reference to your relative a couple comments back, you said, ""with age he's gotten better as he learns. i do not learn. i just get better at avoiding."" Can I ask what would be important for you to learn in relation to all of this?"
175988656,"Horse Lover: How long have you been loving horses? Glad to hear you are improving. If you look at the ""Anxiety-Panic Resources"" section above the list of names of people who have written in for help with problems, it may be of help. It mentions CBT, or Cognitive Behavior Therapy, which stresses being positive that you can improve your situation. Do you believe you can get over this situation? I am bipolar and take Lithium for my mania and Mirtazapine for my depression. I know that being positive has helped me with this condition, as it does with other problems that I have on a daily basis. Are you seeing a psychiatrist and taking any medicine which might help with your situation? 12"
175988657,Learning about South America.. I want to know everything about it...
175988658,"I’m just sitting here enjoying my night with music, sparking water, and some games."
175988659,Coffee and a banana
175988660,I got another shower today. I'm on a roll. I'm starting to enjoy them. I also like how I feel after. I got fully-dressed today with shoes. I stayed busy and took care of business. It really helps with the depression.
175988661,"Doing decently today. Just in kind of a depressed mood but that's fine. I'll get over it. I got back into grad school. I think the thing is that I have nothing to do if I drop out of grad school. So therefore my mood will go way south if I drop out. That's at least what I figured out. And the instability I felt on the meds was the reason why I was going back and forth on my options so many times. Anyway, I decided for now that I'm sticking with grad school, even though I may complain about it. I still can't really get motivated to do work on it but that's more related to my mood than anything."
175988662,"Idk if its cuz I been depressed today but not only did I not know the day today, I thought it was September too..."
175988663,I’m sorry. Anything we can do to help? We are definitely good listeners here! (Our readers! Whichever u prefer!)
175988664,They aren't 100% sure if my mom needs chemo or not. She'll know for sure soon. She will likely refuse it and die because she doesn't want to be really sick for 5 years and then die.
175988665,"Just meditated. I feel one with the Earth, connected"
175988666,"PubMed Viral respiratory infections and psychosis: A review of the literature and... The historical association between respiratory infections and neuropsychiatric symptoms dates back centuries, with more recent literature highlighting a link between viral infections and schizophrenia. Maternal influenza infection during pregnancy..."
175988667,I also wish things weren't so complicated med-wise.
175988668,"I dont think they sell iTunes cards anymore. They might, but I heard apple was getting rid of iTunes, and instead promoting Apple Music."
175988669,_PERSON_ I think you're right. My dad always spends time with me and I cant get my mom to do that.
175988670,mmm!!! I like those better than PB and _PERSON_.
174386554,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Dawn HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Hope you feel better soon!
175988671,Merry Christmas! Today started out very depressing seeing the videos from our parents houses of everyone there. Then my mom gave me back the DoorDash card for me and hubby. Then an hour later my dad brought over water and groceries and some ham he cooked. Then 30 min later _PERSON_’s mom said she will be ordering us food for delivery for us. On top of that I’ve been cooking neckbones and beans in the crockpot. Wowwowow.
175988672,I wanna go on a homicidal rampage.
175988673,"Potatoes, celery, tomatoes, seltzer water and 2 books"
175988674,"Under capitalism, the line between necessary debt and unnecessary debt is capricious, at best. I've been living hand to mouth for over a decade now. Like most, it's unlikely I'll ever be able to pay off a substantial portion of my debt. But after ten years of wearing my socks upside down rather than buying new ones and walking an extra ten blocks to save a dollar on something I need, if and when I aquire a nice chunk of cash (enough to make a small dent in my debt but that's all), which is somewhat likely, at least half of it will go toward stuff I want, as opposed to stuff I need (read: supposed to need). Like a steak dinner or two. A bigger TV. ###$ 'em. I cancelled my cable last year. Waited until I had a two month balance, yanked out the box and tossed it in a closet. First the cable company sent me bill after bill after bill. When that stopped, the collection agencies started up. They send you threatening letters with a return envelope. I find these envelopes handy because I can write my shopp
ing list on them and keep all necessary coupons inside them. Very handy. But that's all they can do. This makes me feel smug."
175988675,"No, I have klonopin but that’s for anxiety and panic attacks. I don’t think there’s a prn that would help this"
175988676,I felt like I was about to pass out I don’t think I ate enough past 2 days
175988677,cps s coming in the next 25 minutes
175988678,My brain has developed more than when I was a teenager. I'm able to make better decisions =P
175988679,Had to order some omega 3s so I added a couple of cotton masks to the order...weird times....
175988680,Holy shyt I made my first money streaming games and stuff on twitch. 1 cent but that’s wild yo _NAME_ keep doing it!
175988681,She is in therapy and on medication already...she recently had contact with her molester almost 20 years later and things are spiraling...
174386591,"Hi I have Schizoaffective disorder as well it’s hard to live with I know my voice are not real,I also have DID but my voices talk to each other in I mean literally in my head not in out side but they are nice to me One of my alters/voices just asked “”when I’m going to eat something””? Then another talked to her my young voice he said “she will soon”” He is my older voice, And that’s what it’s like for me Thanks hope this helps some one with this"
175988682,Haha they’re so good though
175988683,Which book?! I hope not the ebook for the new book. I’m still revising it. They put it up by mistake. I’ve been emailing them to take it down.
175988684,"Wireless Body Area Network - an overview | ScienceDirect Topics Abstract Energy is an important factor to be considered especially in the cases where implantable nodes are used. This is important because it is very difficult to replace the battery of a node placed inside a body. Researchers have been trying to develop energy efficient solutions in order to save energy and to extend the overall network lifetime. This chapter provides a comprehensive overview of Wireless Body Area Network (WBAN) and the energy management challenges. Moreover, heating issues faced by sensor nodes implanted in human body are also discussed. Heat dissipation is mainly due to the transmission and reception of electromagnetic signals to and from other sensor nodes which are part of the same network. The amount of heat dissipation is known as Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) and is measured in W/kg. There is a need to find solutions to reduce it to a level which is not dangerous for human health. High values of SAR results i
n tissue damage. Thus, the goal of this chapter is to discuss energy management, SAR and safety aspects in implanted wireless body area networks. Previous chapter in bookNext chapter in book Keywords Wireless body area networkHealthcareEnergy managementSpecific absorption rateEnergy-aware routingThermal-aware routing Implanted Wireless Body Area Networks: Energy Management, Specific Absorption Rate and Safety Aspects - ScienceDirect Security and Privacy in Wireless Body Area Network Wireless body area network (WBAN) is another new technology in the innovation that gives remote system to screen and gather patient's well-being record information utilizing wearable sensors [34]. It is broadly perceived that an abnormal state of framework security and protection assume a key part in ensuring these information while being utilized by the human services experts and amid capacity to guarantee that patient's records are remained careful from interloper's threat. It is thus of awesome enthusiasm to talk about security 
and protection issues in WBANs. This chapter [34] evaluated WBAN correspondence engineering, security, and protection necessities and security dangers and the essential difficulties in WBANs to these frameworks in view of the most recent benchmarks and productions. The article [34] likewise covers the condition of-craftsmanship safety efforts and research in WBAN. At long last, open areas for future research and improvements are investigated. Social Network Analytics | ScienceDirect Wireless Body Area Networks: Applications and Technologies - ScienceDirect"
175988685,"As an old timer, I’ll still call it PC....."
175988686,"Okay. Having some anxiety and depression but no suicidal thoughts. Hallucinations have been pretty quiet too. Anxiety is mostly about work. I think I'm anxious about making mistakes but ironically I think that makes me more prone to making mistakes. I'm trying to learn the HR stuff. I just need more practice at it. The accounting stuff is easier because I am just dealing with numbers, not people."
175988687,Gouache Watercolor Acrylic Pastel
175988688,"Hello everyone, So yesterday I received word that the child of someone who works in my office was exposed to the coronavirus. The coworker is working from home as a precaution. They won’t say which coworker it is because it has not been confirmed whether or not them or their child has been diagnosed. This has me concerned that I might be infected but not showing symptoms. I feel fine right now. I Am quite anxious right now"
175988690,"_PERSON_, I don't find listening to thunder and watching the lightning to be relaxing. Instead, I find them to be kind of exciting. But that's just me."
175988691,"It's hard not to compare myself with others as well. Sometimes I think, well x has a house, has kids, etc. But I don't. However, x does not have a severe mental illness. It's hard to take care of me when I have a mental illness. And that's an accomplishment in itself."
175988692,I just wanna feel good. I feel like ****.
175988693,Thank's 12am. The work of the dead reaper has been obvious these past couple of months.
175988694,"Haha, yes I'm an astrologer. Aries sun and Gemini Moon rules! I wish I had that lol."
175988695,"Looks good. I like that you have Red Dead Redemption and Skyrim. Ever play Oblivion? It's a super fun game. I think it's only $5 @ GameStop? I like it better than _PERSON_, but Skyrim is pretty good too."
175988696,Yes including the Fish Oil!
174386607,Lol well I never got addicted to pills or anything but I’ve only took like what a couple of low dosage of pain meds in my life time. I never had the desire to take pain pills or any kind of addictive drugs. My sisters addicted to them and probably did them while she was pregnant with my newest niece. Snorted them in the bathroom a couple days after she had my niece. I I’ve seen what it does to people and well I’m like **** that ****. I don’t wanna kill myself to get a high like I did the first time and continue until I OD and die.
175988697,"I have homework, and then it’s nice to have a break and watch TV with the bf. It’s enough for now."
175988698,What did the hospital do to keep you well?
175988699,I bought a Possible trigger: weighing scale because the olanzepine might be making me gain weight Should be interesting
175988700,drink dr pepper!
175988701,I see - yeah that makes sense. That is stupid that she corrected you!
175988702,"Before I was medicated I was psychotic for two years and work had a free coffee and tea station. I drank soooo much coffee. Cup of coffee before work, cup of coffee when I got to work, then at break, then lunch, then last break. I mean, I was very productive and got stuff done, but it got me more crazy after a while. Eventually I replaced a few of those cups of coffee with tea and kept with the same level of productivity."
175988703,"quote=""MainerMikeBrown""]I'm not sure if owning a home is for me or not, even if I could afford it financially at this point. However, owning your own home is a good option for lots of people. Owning a home is a big financial investment. I am a first time home owner and it has been both stressful and enjoyable. The most stressful part about it is that you are responsible for fixing stuff in your home as opposed to just calling a landlord. Mortgages might be cheaper but the additional costs of maintenance can make renting somewhat cheaper. It just depends on your individual situation. After I live in this house for a few more years, I may go back to renting"
175988704,A person helped me get my cart onto the bus today cause it was heavy with all the groceries. That was nice of them
174386617,"You are welcome, How are you feeling now? Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988705,"I'm playing Pokemon Gold on my new GB Boy Colour. I had to replace the battery in my Pokemon Gold game because my game wasn't saving. Have to change my other game boy game batteries, too, like _NAME_'s Dream Land. Bought a bunch of them to solder onto my games. I like my GB Boy Colour. It's a cool Chinese knockoff of the Game Boy Color that lets you play your cartridges. Its screen is backlit, so it lights up. It's basically like playing on a GBC with a lit up screen and only costs $30."
175988706,Ways to Self-Soothe Bipolar Disorder Anxiety (Being Beautifully Bipolar) - Anxiety disorder has a high comorbidity rate with bipolar disorder. Here are some techniques to get you through the moments of panic. Read more here: ( https://blogs.psychcentral.com/being-bipolar/2019/11/07/ways-to-self-soothe-bipolar-disorder-anxiety/?utm_source=Psych+Central+Weekly+Newsletter&utm_campaign=fc699754b3-BIP_EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_COPY_01&utm_ ... )
175988707,I don't want to trip but I want my set and setting to be good to have a good trip. Like if I was in Mexico on holidays or something. But right now I hate where I'm at. I slept all day and stayed up all night. I suppose I'll stay up all night tonight. Or I could take benzos and sleep tonight and stay awake tomorrow in the day. But I can't take too many benzo or tolerance.
175988708,"Plus it’s super fun to get wonky, huge or tiny fruits and veg. It’s like they’re all instantly insta worthy ?"
175988709,I hope it will be okay Newtus HUGS Kit
175988710,"The turtle has no fear. No use in it letting it create such a state of panic in us. This is a political disease in theory. Swept under the rug initially by the world health organisstion and who cow tail to the chinese gov. No remorse by the them. Yes pushing forum rules but i am pissed about this whole business. A sign on my door reads. I will not live my life in fear, death awaits us all. By this mantra it reminds me to live even in this cluster expletive way. HT."
175988711,My dad and I spent the day together! But he accidentally left his printer ink he bought.
175988712,I just bought a Nintendo 12 month online membership
175988713,I would be asleep....would not appreciate that.....
175988714,Possible trigger: I wish I had the guts to end my life. I’ve attempted years ago but I’m too scared to now. It’s what I want though.
174386628,"I found abilify to be activating initially like I’d be running through the house, it was weird. No matter what the docs say we all have a different response to meds so trust your instincts."
175988715,Awesome bluebird!
175988716,My mom is stealing my money and won't give me my money back. I don't see the point of getting a job if she's doing that because then I'm just working for money that she stole.
175988717,"I got my car back from the mechanic. He said it wouldn't have lasted the 45 minute drive to his house. He changed a wheel arm, a wheel bearing, and fixed my hood release cable for $360 dollars which is crazy good! The gringos (my people) wouldn't even fix the cable!!! and probably have charged me a grand to fix the other two things. Now all I have to fix on my car is the oil pan. I'll do that next time my friend goes there, and ay him for a synthetic oil change. I'll get all the material for the mechanic to make it easy for him and cheaper for me. I'm glad I found a cheap mechanic finally. It took me years but yay! And yay that I have my car again!"
175988718,Also I didn't leave my apartment at all for over a year. Then I developed a phobia of the stairs and couldn't handle going up or down unless someone could help me.
175988719,"My team (new _USER_ID_ pelicans) arent gonna make it, looks like"
175988720,"And cheesecake, and lilttle debbies to have some sweet stuff around the house"
175988721,My sister just posted something on Instagram a few min ago about how hand sanitizers prevent survival in children by mutating their genes. Ugh.
175988722,"What therapy have you tried? I super luckily got cbt for psychosis and this was one of the first things we dealt with.....it’s been years so I don’t remember all of it but initially I felt like a failure but then I started seeing myself as like even more than ever, like that ginger _PERSON_ quote about doing everything _NAME_ _PERSON_ did but backwards in high heels."
175988723,I'm here I just don't have anything to post
175988724,"They correlate. You could say magical thinking is an odd belief, but not all odd beliefs are magical thinking. I think the DSM is putting too much emphasis on ""belief"". Plenty of people believe in those things, but they are able to compartmentalize, so it does not affect them in every day life. My opinion is that those things are actually more born out of experience and inappropriate interpretation, more than some sort of act of faith as their definition might suggest. Ideas of reference is to intercept general broadcasts and think they are meant for you personally, or see signs and commands in the general environment where there is none. It could be seen as odd beliefs as well to some degree. More about choosing to be understood or not. Be true to yourself and not be understood, or be understood and having to lie by cutting corners. Also being understood traps you. So when you say above you can be good socially until you feel trapped, its part of the problem. If you go for emotional connection, 
you trap yourself, and deny yourself at the same time, so it cannot last. And the other option does not bring anything of lasting value to interactions. It sounds the same to me. I would agree with that. ps: _NAME_ had a blog on the internet about daydreaming which was good. Maybe you can try to look it up."
175988725,"Thanks! That's good info! There's something called The Good Feet Store here in the US and they are supposed to be really good orthotics like the best, I guess, but I don't have a store near me. I'd probably have to go to Los Angeles. To go to a podatrist I'd have to get a referral, which is possible, just takes a while. I'll try these that I ordered online, what's $40 right? And then if it doesn't help enough I'll try to get a referral from my doctor. I know a good podiatrist that my Mom has used for surgery on her feet and my sis too. I see my doctor end of April so I should know by then if these insoles are going to do any good."
175988726,I don’t know how to draw
175988727,"I'm trying to get on a different med. But with it already being a low dose, idk anymore."
175988728,It goes on all night too till like 2 or 3 in the morning
175988729,That’s why I refuse to borrow money from people. I go hungry before someone tells me that I owe them something. I hate being in other people’s debt.
175988730,"""5 Tips to Stop Obsessive Thinking Increase Awareness. The first step in changing any behavior is becoming conscious of it when it arises. ... Name It. When we are caught in the cycle of rumination, generally there is an underlying fear that something bad is going to happen. ... Practice Mindfulness. ... Acceptance. ... Schedule a Worry Break."" ""9 Ways to Stop Obsessing or Ruminating Decide what you are ruminating about. ... Examine your thinking process. ... Allow yourself time to ruminate. ... Use a journal. ... Write down pleasant thoughts. ... Use behavioral techniques to help stop ruminating. ... Focus on the lesson learned. ... Talk about your worries with a trusted friend or relative."" From the looks of it, exhausting the mind by letting it think out everything that it wants instead of blocking the thoughts help. That's why I think out every obsessive thought I can for 20-30 minutes every night before I fall asleep.. It helps =/"
175988731,"Everyone has been so busy here! I have the energy of a garden slug. My friend visited yesterday. We went to the local vape shop and I bought a bunch of flavors on sale. They are moving into a bigger store with a parking lot. They're going to sell kratom and vape supplies. They didn't have any left of the disposable sticks I wanted but they had a different brand so I got 5 or 6 of them. I like to use them before I go to sleep. Not sure how much vapor they produce. My first one only gave a little vapor which is good for stealth vaping. I am paranoid that they'll say I can't vape anymore here because of the people who got sick/died. They got sick from an oil that they used to cut the THC with. But I'm not sure they'll be sensible because everyone seems to be hysterical lately. If they don't let me vape, all the money I spent on juices will go to waste. Hope everyone is doing well today."
175988732,"Possible trigger: I feel like my cats are the only reason I'm alive and are the only things tying me to this world, I don't see much of a point in life"
175988733,"Yeah, that would have been flirting a little on my part."
175988734,"Good morning! I had a bit of a rough night last night, but I'm doing ok this morning. Two more days until I go back to PHP and then discharge"
175988735,"I think my day is moving along in the up direction, little by little. I've been reading for information & for pleasure, & working on a small goal that has been a challenge for me. And Happy New Year to you, too!!"
175988736,"More or less, lol. Spaced out with a $#%^ -eating-grin for basically no reason at all."
175988737,It's a good med!
175988738,"I dressed nicely today. I put on my contacts and makeup. I walked a bit outside. I also am eating salads although I ate an ice cream bar. I feel great! I take showers daily at night. Also, yesterday, I cleaned my apartment- vacuumed, threw out the trash, did my laundry. I feel awesome! I thank God for my blessings and am grateful for my freedom.I also am taking my medication each morning. It has made a big difference. I am sleepy though most of the time. But,I manage some how."
175988739,Sleep determines everything for me.
175988740,I'm going to try and wake up early tomorrow so I can go out to breakfast
175988741,"Prayers for you and _NAME_, friend."
175988742,I forget if I asked but have you been evaluated for ADHD? The olanzapine increase would probably not help unless you’re actively psychotic and that’s what causing the issue.
175988743,I dont see the new thread?
175988744,"_NAME_ got pleurisy. Thankfully no blood clot or problem with lungs or heart or anything. They gave him meds, haven’t decided whether to keep him there or send him home"
175988745,Hamburger and rice
175988746,Hm... I wish I can talk to a counselor or something. My mind is going and my mind is blank. kris kross apple sauce. Nothing makes sense yet in my mind it does. I'm hiding something in my purse. I'm out of my mind. I'm in love with my demons.
175988747,Idk if this extra VRAYLAR is making me feel nauseous but I don’t feel good and I feel a bit dizzy/lightheaded.
175988748,I like it cuz it goes into how his brain works. Would love to read a biography about him.
175988749,_AT_MENTION_ looks like you got a good arrangement of art supplies! Hope you have fun using them!
175988750,Ugh I don't know what to do
175988751,Open enrollment for insurance today turned out to be very interesting. Every year healthcare gets more expensive and every year the company pays less and less.
175988752,Be careful bluebird
175988753,"I’m guessing poet isn’t he only job either, good luck DT"
175988754,Morning. My sleep was good. I’m sure my art supplies for this month will arrive today. I’m excited
175988755,Tomorrow I get to go watch my nephew's football game. It is going to require me taking off of work a little early but I am excited to see his game. He's a junior in High School this year. My how time flies.
175988756,"I felt a bit better before the olanzepine kicked in. Still feeling ******. I'm analyzing my way out of this though. My doctor says I pay too much attention to how I feel.. But I feel.. like I obsess too much over my thoughts.. But I said ""feel like"" so .."
175988757,We always have a good stock of essentials so if we do have to quarantine I think we’ll be fine.
175988758,"Thanks... It just shocked me. I hadn't been around for a while so I'm just now finding out, and then the way he died too... It's really getting to me and messing with my head a lot. Possible trigger: I was already feeling sui and him dying by sui is just making those thoughts worse right now. I have PHP in the morning tho. It doesn't look like I'm going to sleep tonight; nightmares, PTSD and thoughts about him are keeping me up right now."
175988759,I feel happy and inspired.
175988760,Congrats!! That's awesome!
175988761,My goal is to get my degree and double my current salary. I know money can’t buy happiness but having extra cash would sure make me feel secure. Learning is awesome. If we stop learning we die. Always strive for more.
175988762,"It would be if half of it wasn’t stuff I desperately needed. Everything, I’ve been planning to buy in the first place. I mean I prob am hypo but not manic and it’s been planned and also stuff I need too."
175988763,"Hi _PERSON_, How are things going for you? Better I hope. I hope that you are getting more sleep now. Raining here today on top of the snow we got.. Tomorrow is suppose to be cold and Tuesday even colder. This has been one nasty autumn if you can call it that. More like winter to me. Things have been going okay I guess. I have a cold or infection in my eye. I plan to see the doc on Tuesday if things work out. I hope everybody has a good day and a wonderful week. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988764,"For my next derealized/depersonalized dissociative hallucinogen persisting perception disorder panic attack, I'm just gonna pretend that I'm tripping."
175988765,"Wow I folded my clothes the same day I did laundry, that's like a world record for me lol"
175988766,Requested a bunch of manga from the library
175988767,"Can't imagine ever being mad or disappointed in you. You try so hard and you do all that amazing stuff. Then on top of it you have a mental illness. It's normal to have ups and downs. Losing a job is tough on anyone whether or not they have a mental illness. I think you're doing the best you can. I'm not always honest either about my suicidal thoughts and stuff because I don't want to worry you all, but then again if I just stopped signing in for a week because I was IP you all might (hopefully) notice but hopefully not worry. So I get the not being totally honest part but never ever could I imagine being upset or disappointed in you. HUGS I know we only talk on PC because I'm like stupid and don't know how to do anything other than facebook but I consider you my friend, all of you! You guys are the most real, accepting peeps anywhere and I love all of you! okay, now I'm crying."
175988768,"It's a few pages back. I realize that half of what I write, I want to delete but I just leave it there cuz whatever. I said people that judge are stupid when I was judging stupid party drunks that judge people! That means I'm stupid!"
175988769,"It is uneasy to know what is unusual or not, or why someone would care. As to a bridge between schizoid personality disorder, none of the terms for it are there for unusualness sake. They are seen among men with personality disorders often enough they are used to number them into the different distinctions. Men with these disorders are seeing a psychologist because of the disorder, not the knots in their mind. The hope is he, to whom it may be supposed they yield money, can heal them of the malady, whereafter they shall speak and do better. The trouble they have it seems is they say and do that which causes trouble in their circumstances. They cannot change it alone, and so they seek psychologists. I will not acknowledge in your epistle any intimation of mutation of someones mind. Psychology should deal to my mind with practices and manners."
175988770,Life is ok _PERSON_. It's a miracle. At least other people have more fun than we do.
175988771,My understanding is you can get ketamine from a compounding pharmacy dirt cheap
175988772,"There's some deep stuff going on in the shadow world I remember tripping on bad trip and saying to myself, ""Shadows... Shadowwws"".. I would see the shadow people too"
175988773,"Ok if that’s the case I’d do the pick three approach...pick three fun things and do them all at once, or at least get three senses in....something like the Uke uses two so you’d need to add like a scented candle or a tasty snack.."
175988774,You might find this somewhat helpful. https://www.medicinenet.com/hydroxyzine/article.htm#which_drugs_or_supplements_interact_with_hydroxyzine_vistaril
175988775,"English breakfast tea, I generally get Irish but I couldn't get to the store I wanted to"
175988776,Maintenance came already and did their work on the furnace. Have my recertification appointment at 12 then my dentist appointment at 3:30.
175988777,"I agree with SC. People can only make you feel less if you let them. Don't let him control how you feel. Use positive affirmations and do things to boost your spirits. You Are A GOOD PERSON!!! Never forget that. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175988778,"There are two helpful books you might want to take a look at: ""Overcoming Anxiety for Dummies"" and ""Depression for Dummies"" I have a friend who started having such anxiety attacks that she wound it in a psychiatric hospital for two weeks When she got out, I gave here those books, and she said that that she was able to use them to deal with her anxieties. She even had her therapist use them with her. Her symptoms were exactly like yours. She had her doctor rule out any possible physiological causes (heart, thyroid etc.)"
175988779,Yes I did. And I washed and fixed my hair and put on (minimal) makeup! Great day for me!
175988780,"Leo July 23-August 22 Dwelling on upsetting memories or situations from the past won't help you today; it’s time to seize the power of the present moment. Fix your thoughts on a subject that brings you great happiness instead. This could be anything from a funny movie to your favorite person to a fond memory. The longer you concentrate on this positive idea, the easier it will be to cultivate a genuinely good mood. Happiness is a choice. The more you train your brain to contemplate joy, the easier it is to conquer demons. Practice makes perfect. Background information is coming to light and all the things that you've been reflecting on in recent weeks are leading to an aha moment. Once the Sun enters Leo on Wednesday you'll feel that full Leo life-force radiating out from you. Your presence is sunshine for others so never under-estimate what you can make possible. Your lifestyle zone is on fire, Leo. _USER_ID_ and Pluto combine in order to ask you more higher-purpose questions around how you’re 
leading your life. Mid-week, as Saturn moves back into Capricorn, you could feel as though you need to get your life in order."
175988781,Thanks SP. I texted _PERSON_ to see if she has any time available between now and our scheduled appointment time on Saturday. I told her I've been sui 5 days and that I thought she should know. We'll see what she says. How are you doing? _PERSON_
175988782,"Thanks, newtus."
175988783,Thailand is supposed to be great people and beautiful but sign me up for Japanese gardens
175988784,_PERSON_ a _PERSON_
175988785,What do you need?
175988786,Cool awesome! Thanks!
175988787,Next Thursday the 26th
175988788,I gotta work 8 hours on monday. A full shift.
175988789,Had a panic attack last night. Wasn't too bad. 0.5mg alprazolam calmed me right down. I had the thought that I was gonna have a seizure - it just popped into my head..
175988790,"I've noticed lately the word ""schizoid"" in a lot of news stories of mass shooters and people who commit some pretty bad crimes. Sometimes the label appears to have been applied somewhat carelessly, especially now, in this age of careless journalism. It may be that SPD can result from being socially abused, which I believe is, in part, the case for me. Left unchecked, the anger from that abuse can coalesce over time into antisocial behavior, or at least the idealization of antisocial behavior. The base personality, or whatever you'd call it, is probably an indicator of whether or not those antisocial urges will come to fruition. I'm far too reserved and lazy to take some of the bad thoughts I get in my head seriously. I'm also too morally sound and introspective. I take steps to avoid trouble at all costs. Since people with SPD are too emotionally removed to resort to what would be called ""crimes of passion"", I'm left with the suspicion that some schizoids are just stupid."
175988791,Thanks! I am glad.
175988792,Hahaha time traveling ?
175988793,True. I think I’ll just use this one for gouache next time. It kinda stressed me out using it for watercolor haha ?
175988794,"Just ordered Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles for the switch, I've wanted it for a long time, can't wait till it gets here!!"
175988795,He was shocked that I have covid and he was intending to work on moving out today but I no longer have the mail and storage keys. He says he'll be moved out by the end of summer.
175988796,"Yes, pushing forwards is anxiety provoking, and something i am doing, both of these. Starting an employment pathways program soon, and actually have decided to study, and finish! My next funding round for my NDIS funding comes around soon. AKA Begging session. Been doing art, all female group bar me, been pushing for more males; i am one of the girls! They like the HT humour, i am funny they say. Have finished one mosaic tile, grout next week, last year i did a windchime. Have my support coordinator popping in, Monday, first meeting, in the flesh. Yeah, prep and planning. Funding is yearly so ya got to tick boxes like a madman! Been doing walking laps at the pool, good boy. So even with all systems ready to go, and more of it, i know this is anxiety central, but the good kind. Oh, yes there is the good kind, and the others. So as i begin to put myself more out there, remember everything is possible. So, even the yuck anxiety, i know that with challenging myself the more i will manage and be better 
with the irrational fears and overcome and handle anxiety better. More to say, but sore. HT"
175988797,"It’s a plant based omega 3 supplement, I’m hoping I won’t get the fish oil burps..."
175988798,how is everybody doing today? here to talk if anyone needs it
175988799,Hello! A quick update on my weaning process. I’m now 6.5 weeks in and down to 37.5mg/day. So far my most difficult side effect is spaciness every now and then and a little increased anxiety here and there. Still extremely frustrated with my weight as I’ve cut calories even more and I’m still gaining. Just crazy!
175988800,"Thanks for sharing your story, it’s helps other mothers such as myself know i’m not alone with feeling hopeless at times when trying to help our children. If I might ask why do they keep releasing him when he’s clearly not well enough to be discharged??"
175988801,"I love autumn and winter. Snow, ice, freezing temps, all of it. Can't stand summer, and spring isn't much better Everyone around here (where I live, NY) always complains about winter, it does get bitter cold sometimes, but I guess I'm the odd one because I'm the opposite and love it. People here are always moving south to get the sun. I don't understand it."
175988802,I thought of everything I could to figure this out.I don't wake up with any problems it's a few hours later when my demons cone out at the same time. I dont remember dreaming or have night mares .Its like they r alive at 5am and want me miserable.
175988803,"Weary, How are you doing on buspar? Is it still making you anxious? Did you talk to the doc? I hope you are having a good day... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175988804,That's lovely Blue_Bird!
175988805,I wonder if my meds interfere with my ability to meditate
175988806,"L., I definitely would recommend getting a second input on the possibility of Botox for relief...it doesn't hurt to try! Hoping you feel back to yourself tomorrow! S.C."
175988807,Might take a nap later
175988808,"Yeah, at the moment it is impossible to tell what triggered it. I did go though a different type of therapy treatment at the time, but I'm a sample size of 1. Literally impossible to know, scientifically, why it has happened. Over the years I've been on Seroquel, _PERSON_, Latuda and _PERSON_, all still as psychotic as ever when on each of them. I had kind of given up on not being psychotic."
175988809,"Hi (((((((BABE)))))))) I am not sure if Bipolar affects me when I go off on an alcohol binge. Its certainly not caused by Mania, I am usually happy enough then. I think I use it more as a tool against depression. A strange thing to do as alcohol is a Depressive drug, but it does take me out of myself for a while. I Long Ago gave up smoking weed. All that did was stimulate my mind to come up with a hundred new things to be depressed and anxious about. _NAME_"
175988810,These were my new years resolutions/goals My 2020 Goals | The Daily Blue Bird So far I've moved into a more affordable apartment. 2 more months and I'll be at 1 year of _NAME_ recovery. Beginning to pay off my college account so I can get back in classes.. Am in the process of getting the needed dental work completed. I haven't kept up with drawing due to stress of moving but I'm going to get some of my art supplies from my old place tomorrow so I can start back up with that again
175988811,paranoid
175988812,I drank a coffee I hope the anxiety gods don't punish me for it
175988813,"Hi, I’m on Zoloft for 3 weeks now and I also have those kind of days too. I also have a harder time with the hormonal changes before my period. I’m hoping to be anxiety and depression free one day. Fingers crossed. Hope you feel better soon."
175988814,Screw signal repeaters! We need 5G! Get that strong radiation DNA scramblation..
175988815,I feel pretty good this morning. Going to do some things like talk to one of my good friends today. So that's good.
175988816,[just wanted to show it for an hour!] Took the pic down now but I’m pregnant!
175988817,"Hopefully when I'm 40, 50, 60, I'll have so much experience in life and memories and stories that my train of thought will be more interesting to me. If nuclear war doesn't happen. Doctors will be like ""Well you seem to have stable age induced disorganized thinking so there's no point giving you the injection anymore""."
175988818,"I studied Psychology. One of the major causes of depression is the habit of looking for negative/losses much more than the good in life. I would start an ""Apprecion Diary"" and force your self up write a minimum of 5 appreciations about your life,/experiences/things you like-such as kittens, etc"
175988819,I think there’s also a lot more fake profiles on match as in people join to try it free then never pay the fee so they can’t respond.
175988820,A RL friend of mine who I used to work with has had a rough couple months. First her boyfriend broke up with her and then she got fired. Seems the break up was worse then I knew because apparently there’s cheating and lying and trying to put charges against my friend and my friend is taking it badly. Possible trigger: I think she was planning on killing herself last night and end up going to the hospital. She’s posting on Facebook all upset and I’m trying to be there for her but it’s hard. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988821,Upload what ?
175988822,Ordered Instacart. I think they stole 4 of my items. None of my junk-ish food is there.
175988823,I took the Rx & a supplement.
175988824,I’ve gotta get back into studying Italian. And also using Khan Academy. Stuff to do to stimulate my mind while I work on paying off my college so I can start again. One thing I’m working on is math. I never got a solid foundation in math education growing up because of we were always homeless or bouncing around from place to place and all the different schools I went to were always on different parts of the curriculum so it was hard to catch up and I never really bothered to until now.
175988825,"Hilarious story: I came into apartment 1, and smelled aging fish. It was so potent!!!! It smelled like it's been rotting for years. It smelled AWFUL, and the further I got to the source, downstairs, the worse it got. I asked my coworker, who was vacuuming, what was going on, and he just shrugged his shoulder like nothing was wrong. So I told him it smelled awful. I thought it was him, like, dude take a shower, but it couldn't have been. Then he said he smelled it too. So I had him help me retrace his steps and it led straight into a drainage in the furnace room. Get this: He put the vacuum nozzle INTO the drain and sucked out human waste, and it soaked the bag, and there is an exhaust to the shop vac, so that's why it filled the entire apartment, all 4 floors, with piss stench. I had to walk away, and then he continued to vacuum, and I left, but then I went back in and I told him he's going to need a new vacuum bag, and do a quick cleaning of the entire shop vac. The poor kid, he was yelling at him
self, and he wanted to punch whoever did that, but I didnt want to tell him it was his fault (or whoever didn't cover it in the first place. He was screaming outside. Dear god that was crazy. Never in my life has that ever happened. That poor guy."
175988826,"My family makes fun of my mental illness but in a good way. They are supportive when I'm doing bad. Empathetic people. I exercised vigorously for 15 minutes this evening. Next I'll do 20 minutes, 25, 30, 35 etc... until an hour. Exercercising is hardddd.. I feel pain. I can't pay attention to podcasts when I'm exercising but I can listen to music. Once i get used to it, I bet I can cuz people put their iPads on the exercising machine and watch movies. I feel happy and more awake after letting my heart rate go over 100. I'm happy about my future and stuff. I skipped my injection and still feel ok. The weed is making me zoned out though. I bought an iced coffee so imma walk home now in the cold and rain."
175988827,That’s great bluebird....hope you got some good stuff
175988828,Didn’t work...maybe I’ll just cram it all into tomorrow? I mean technically it’s due Sunday but tomorrow is my last day I’m not busy with something else.
175988829,"As far as roll call being quiet I think it’s in part because we have so many detailed threads, like what are you eating, what are you listening to, what are you reading, happiness where I usually post photos, etc and not everyone is even subscribed to those so it seems quieter because there isn’t as much to talk about in roll call with all that stuff filtered out."
175988830,yes family can be difficult have experience with that all my best for your trip and know your visit with your grandfather will be priceless
175988831,a banana
175988832,"I’m starting to get burnt out on video games a little bit. I don’t have any new games and I bought some games to we’re like $.99 or a few dollars and they aren’t very good at all. I’m waiting for some new games to be released and then I can finally enjoy again gaming. I’ve been writing more past few days, past week maybe."
175988833,I've just been buying stuff this morning.
175988834,"Hey, falcon--thanks."
175988835,"It’s interesting you mention that bb _PERSON_ I was just thinking... I have a gaming planner, a gratitude journal, a planner for my business, and now a mood journal. You can see em all stacked up here."
175988836,Do you think it's the medicine or do you have a bug?
175988837,That's gotta be one of the most annoying side effects I get from my APs. Body temp regulation issues. That along with weight gain
175988838,Well I'm just gonna continue watching educational videos on youtube for hours and days or weeks to make my extroverted thinking stronger
175988839,Motivation is a big deal for me as well. I find myself trying to clean... trying to shower... trying to brush my teeth. How are you on meds and hygiene? I’m trying to get some sort of a routine like I did in the hospital. Maybe I’ll find an app on the phone like my mood journal.
175988840,I feel less paranoid than yesterday.
175988842,I'm in the mixed of fearing death and fearing of continuing living but I gotta continue living... Live for the good moments and learn from the bad.
175988843,"Hi, After two years im back in the forum. Im making this post to ask you guys for ideas on how to live with SPD. I feel like im pretty much lost in this life. I can only get to know people on a superficial level, and thats fine by me. I enjoy spending time alone, but I have a family that is really socially active and Its really hard for me to get long with them, de are really different. I know that I have to adapt yo society to be able to live in this world, but _PERSON_ having a hard time doing it. So you guys can tell me your stories and how you do to cope. Thanks."
175988844,"Yes I am. Unfortunately, yea, it's not that active anymore. Nobody really posts anymore. I was talking to sp a lot, but she just is playing that game a lot now. I'm not mad at anyone here or anything. I guess it's just really lonely because I'm going through a stressful time in my life that is unique because I've never experienced this type of stress before. So it's just hard for me. That's all. Thank you tho."
175988845,It was about zantac (ranitidine) and another major one .... I've read that Prilosec is a good med I also have GERD from years of purging .
175988846,"Gotta get my poetry ready for the poetry jam! So excited. I wonder if there will be minimal music behind it, like that genre of music called spoken word music. I love the band Listener. They say poems over minimal music, but his ability to put together words into stories is the most amazing thing I've ever heard. They were featured in an emo/hardcore song like 10 years ago."
175988847,Happy mother ****ing birthday _NAME_!!! you awesome soul!
175988848,I’m ok just FYI.....mostly busy with school work though.
175988849,"No thatswhatithought I have never heard voices. just my own thoughts because I know people are listening or could be. it's non-stop, I wake up thinking lots of weird stuff at a fast pace and it's annoying. yes they did repeating of my thoughts as a kid. they did mindreading all the time even when I was 5/6/7/8. my psychosis was induced by lots of people pressurising me using the tv, radio, internet, at work, outside my home, my friends, family etc. it was not natural in any shape way or form. they acted as if I was a rapist or serial killer or had killed jesus and they would not let it go. that's the vibe I was given and still feel. they have written things like 'you killed god' and 'god does not love or understand you' and 'you are a shambolic waste of human potential' to me online. so much more. hundreds of thousands of mind games directed at me. celebs on the radio have suddenly said weird things to mess my day up countless times, same for as on the television. then they watch me drink myself to 
death. they have even put lyrics in songs completely directed at me, sometimes in advance. they hint at foreknowledge in this way. typing and saying these things, would make me appear delusional, which they know and it's so evil to have me under this control. I am glad you have goals and have a somewhat normal life as possible. my situation is different unfortunately for me."
175988850,Eh I’m not much of a tv person but I have been wanting to catch up on catfish. Idk tho.
175988851,Thanks for the new roll call!
175988852,I’m curious if I lost the weight I gained from being in the hospital. I was at 180 and gained like 8 - 9 pounds within the 18 day period.
174386819,"I'm doing well, very stable. Physically sick though, some kind of flu or bad cold, not sure. Pretty much spent most of the day resting."
174386815,"This year has been a dozy... at least since February during a manic episode. Everything felt good yet so bad at the same time. They put me on Geodon and increased my paxil for some ****_NAME_ up reason and kept me on Lamictal... then I ended up in a worse manic episode... Ended up in the hospital again in March where they took me off the geodon and put me on then put me on Loxapine. Went to this ****_NAME_ up hospital and they increased my loxapine and started having symptoms of dystonia and refused to take it anymore and put me back on geodon. So well I got out the hospital and told my pdoc about it and she decided to try saphris. Saphris gave me dystonia eventually and added zyprexa because it seemed like saphris alone didn't work. I was still having trouble but my pdoc said I seem to be doing better with the zyprexa added to the mix even though I was a complete mess. I ended up back in the hospital again after my friend died, everything blow up in my face with my friends on here. I saw my pdoc a
gain and she kept me on saphris and took me off the zyprexa again. Stuff got increasingly worse. I couldn't eat, I couldn't stop crying, I couldn't get rid of anxiety. I ended up with dystonia again and increased my cogentin. I eventually ended up back in the hospital again for the severe anxiety and paranoia. They ended up putting me on abilify because my pdoc was talking about putting me on the injections. I am now on the injections. THat's been my whole ****ing year of meds and such."
175988853,Happy Valentines Day everyone. I hope you've all found a gf/bf. Cuz I won't. Ever. Haha.
175988854,Sorry I don’t mean to be difficult about it but if you’re actually sick you need meds if you’re not they can cause other effects you don’t want.....
175988855,It so hard to get therapy right now....so many normally healthy people are experiencing depression and anxiety and that’s good that they’re seeing a T but there’s no slack in the system at all.
175988856,"How do I communicate to close members of my family, issues with there own mental health? As I learn to cope and accept my own faults and qualities I get the feeling they want to close shop. I feel like I am a threat to their own dissociation from reality. Not that it is as severe as mine, but what happens when I reach the point where I have gone as far as I can without letting go of what looks like potentially, a very toxic situation for my mental health. There are two wonderful children to consider as well, which does complicate things a bit. How do you talk to people who don't want to take responsibility for anything that may look or sound like criticism? Then how do you get them in therapy?"
175988857,Yesssssss One of my promotions has been approved!
175988858,HT
175988859,"Apparently I need more social interaction according to my T. Anyway, I am trying to find that in some way. It's hard not to feel isolated these days though."
175988860,"Yeah, I do the same with video games. The most I've ever played at once was from like 4am until 10pm. I have room darkening shades, so I didn't see the change in light outside and thus never noticed the time fly by. lol."
175988861,"Caramel-Banana Bread Puddings recipe | Epicurious.com We didn’t use the caramel and subbed milk for half and half, but both ways are excellent."
175988862,"Clipper butane, a clipper lighter, blueberry skunk rolling papers, and my f*cking rolling papers."
175988863,Happy days sc. HT
175988864,Anyone else get their stimmy or tax refund?
175988865,"Maybe it isn't a good idea to try and find meaning in your psychosis voices because yours seem more like commanding, etc.. My voices were neither negative or positive. When I dissociate, the OCD thoughts bother me about my past and seem like thoughts that aren't mine and attack my consciousness so I ignore them out of exhaustion and then every once and a while I'll try to challenge them.."
175988866,"Absolutely love coconut. It’s my favorite and it’s apparently a favorite of a lot of people. I guess it’s cuz it’s got milk in it, so it tastes like American ice cream in a way. I don’t think most of the other paleta flavors have milk as the rest are fruit. Omg the WATERMELON one!. Omg let me tell u They are all good tho. It depends on what kinda of fruit u like because they are all made with real fruit ingredients and low sugar but it tastes amazing. Also paleta man sold ice pops with real gum ball eyes. Like in the shape of bugs bunny."
175988867,"Still not feeling well. Thought about going to the hospital last night but one they usually just send me home after like 8 hours so I was like, do I really want to spend the whole night in the ER? Nope. Two, if I did get hospitalized, I would be there over Thanksgiving and that would probably make me feel worse. I just reached out to some people IRL and got through the night. Still feeling crappy but y'know....hanging in there. HUGS to all, _PERSON_"
175988868,"Yup, intimacy is a killer. When I was younger sex was fine so long as I knew they were expendable. But I went through a period believing I'd end up married (probably originating from Catholic guilt) but that didn't work out either. Now I'm just starting to accept that marriage is too big a chore for me to handle. Intimacy is something for other people. lol I already am a crazy cat lady. Achievement unlocked. This is really what I didn't understand when I wrote this post and it's a great point. Traits, diagnosis, misdiagnosis, SPD doesn't really exist: who cares. I just want to find a balance that doesn't include so much misplaced guilt. Thanks for the post."
175988869,Why am I so tired today
175988870,"Yes, but there are many rules and loopholes they don’t tell you about. Which is why most people don’t know. Like when my dad put me on disability. I was put under the Disabled before 21 rule. So I’m considered disabled since I was 17. And you don’t have to get it under 21. You can backdate it, but only after so many years over 21 I believe. Like I think til 25 or so. But don’t quote me on that. But that’s just one possibility. I know ssdi like the back of my hand only cuz I had to teach myself. I spent a week straight years ago reading about every little thing I could find and think of. Like literally I’d wake up and spend the next 9 hours or more reading up for a week, a few years ago. Actually when I went to ticket to work, the state person said he was extremely surprised i knew what I knew, and that some things he didn’t know himself but he learned from me. And he knew a lot, so. He was trained on it. Also you can work on disability. But it’s complaicated. This year you can mak
e up to 920 a month. But the 920 is the cap before they start reviewing ur disability. Then there’s that u can make 1120, they will start reviewing u then. So it’d be a risk. And then there’s the 9 months trial period, where u can make over all that. There’s no cap to what u can make, but after making over the cap for 9 non consecutive or consecutive months, then you’re taken off disability. But, the nine months have to be within a 72 month period or some number, a very long time, like 6 years I believe. So if u did 8 months of way over the cap and then the 72 months is over, the 9 month trial period restarts from the beginning. If u get taken off disability you have 3 months to get back on, to where they will approve u immediately. If you’re off for longer than 3 months you can still get approved in an express style, but it may not happen. The good thing about all that is, if you are kicked off disability, you will still get your insurance, Medicare, for the next 7 years after you’ve been kicke
d off."
175988871,Could you trace it back to a thought or memory? Or had you had coffee?
175988872,"Hi, my name is Rich, aka Older Guy. I'm anxious about the dentist this afternoon. I'm not sure, but I may be getting my bottom implant denture. We have had several preparation appointments, and i really hope this one is the last. I'm mostly worried about the denture not fitting. This is my first denture with this dentist. So far he seems very skilled. Also, the implant denture seems like a very difficult thing to get to fit accurately. So I guess I'm also anxious about the denture fitting. So, to sum it all up, just anxious that things will work out. I don't like that the appointment isn't til this afternoon at 3:30. But that was the only one they had available. Feedback welcome. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175988873,"_PERSON_ is still doing that thing where it gives me a broken outline of a frame. _AT_MENTION_ found a way to post images though, so maybe she'll chime in."
175988874,"I don't have Virtual Reality gear but I would love to explore the worlds within them one day. I am like _NAME_, I build with the Sims a lot. I often enjoy building rooms and buildings as an exercise not only in creativity but environments I can think back on as well. I also like to make the environments I think of as somewhat tangible and the Sims provides a great way to do that. I also have built altars and even castles through Terraria. I love pixel aesthetic a lot so Terraria was great for me to build with. Same with _PERSON_, I love decorating the houses within that game. As for other games, I never learned how to build through the engine, but Worlds Online was another place I often liked as it provided a lot of retro worlds from people in the 90s and I enjoyed traversing through them. It truly did feel like I was immersed in somewhere new. Rarely games do that to me, so this was a pleasant experience for me. There was also a girl on there who was looking to implement a way to make the worlds o
nto the VR platform but i am unsure of the status of that.."
175988875,Proud of u Newtus
175988876,I think I started to feel bad after I ate 85% and 70% cocoa dark chocolate 2-3 days ago.. The next day I did.. Then I took phenibut
175988877,Antipsychotic only work if you are also taking antidepressant
175988878,ACK! The General Manager said he would do my evaluation after the break (2PM is break time). Suddenly I'm nervous. I was feeling very confident the day I filled out my self-evaluation. Now I'm not as confident. I don't think it really matters as I don't think we are getting raises this year. That's the only part anyone really cares about. I already know what I put on my list for goals for next year. I'm sure the goals are fine.
175988879,Ugh. Think my dads been drinking before work.
175988880,"went to my cousin's birthday party and then came back to my grandmas and napped for 3 hours. i handled the party well I think, didn't need to use my emergency benzo"
175988881,"Hello ShantyMama, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about borderline personality disorder in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=bo... We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175988882,"Omg my blood sugar must have gotten low again or something. It’s so scary when that happens. Gotta be more careful and be sure to eat enough. I had thought I ate enough today but apparently not. Sweating, shaking, feeling like I’m about to throw up, feeling lightheaded. I just ate a protein bar and a nutrigrain bar and it seems to be subsiding."
175988883,Oh! And hi I am taking a art course this summer at a local college. I am excited about it. Hopefully I will be able to get intoA a program to get my certificate in design.
175988884,"I think it's great that you are going back to work. Stay safe, and let us know how you are doing, okay? _NAME_"
175988885,"Yeah, me, too. I will try this sarcosine or however you say it, just to see. Maybe it will help."
175988886,"I'm debating what hobby to start doing more regularly, I want to do all of them but I don't want to get overwhelmed. I want to start drawing again, playing my ukulele, and learning to crochet. Hard to pick"
175988887,"Still have lots of details to add. Will do that later or tomorrow Attached Images D1BE6BD2-2C21-47C2-882A-B_PHONE_NO_.jpg (243.3 KB, 6 views)"
175988888,"I'm gonna try taking a walk tomorrow after I go grocery shopping. Did some yoga today, trying to make that a daily thing"
175988889,Gonna definitely work on the rest of my book formats today. I put it off for 3-4 days because I initially lost sleep for 4 days and have slowly been getting my sleep back.
175988890,"Not today. I did yesterday, but I didn't for three days before that I think. I'm trying to get back to every other day."
175988891,"Thanks all! _AT_MENTION_, what helped you get rid of them or did they go away on their own? I remember the last bout of them I had 3 years ago lasted for several months and were very frequent. I felt like I was on a roller coaster and lived in a bit of a daze. I’m not really sure what triggered it then and what would be triggering it now (other than the bump to the head?) nothing really stands out. I’ll have to get back to someone about in the near future if it continues. I feel completely overloaded right now. Besides some major stresses at work and home, I’m dealing with a temperamental hernia that I have to deal with soon and juggling appointments and procedures I have to do leading up to that, which I have to keep bumping later due to work obligations and the not so well timed migraine. Still feel like I have residual problems finding words at times ( or maybe I always had trouble from time to time and didn’t realize ???) stress wise though I’ve had much much higher levels of stress a
nd not had it trigger migraines so who knows."
175988892,"Yeah I had a panic attack when I drank two cups of coffee at work. I don't think most people make coffee as natural like my cup every morning. I use full dry coffee beans, grind them up and drip using a filter. Don't drink work coffee or buy pre-ground coffee, a coffee machine, and especially Keurig coffee pods - Those are the worst. Coffee must be dark as hell not looking .. like watered down stuff - Cuz then you'll just drink more and added water in the blood while feeling jittery is no good you just need to use the washroom all the time. I know during a panic attack I'll pee 5 times wondering ""Why do I keep having to use the washroom??"" - It's like the adrenaline dehydrates. Coffee is a diuretic? A pot of coffee is no good either. There's many different psychoactive chemicals in coffee apart from caffeine - Those help balance out the caffeine maybe. Lemon water is good too maybe with MCT oil - It detoxifies the body well. I put MCT oil in my coffee every morning and went from 177lbs to 173lbs 
but I stopped cuz I can't be bothered to learn about ketosis right now with all the things I'm doing. I think coffee is so bad for panic attacks because it reduces the quality of sleep by binding to adenosine? Melatonin receptors? Idk.. But it's like modafinil in a way. Soz. This is maybe useless information I'm quite tired. Maybe I need a coffee."
175988893,"SP, is that called banana bread, or something else? It looks delicious. Send one my way, I'll give you so many pictures o flowers outside my house! lol"
175988894,"I'm in T's waiting room. It's communal, for a bunch of Ts and Pdocs. There's a screaming baby, around 18 months old. I know babies scream but it's really hard to relax before T and get in a good headspace."
175988896,My stomach is upset this afternoon. I have to keep going to the bathroom. I used to have this problem all the time and then I haven't had it in a while and now today it has come back. I haven't eaten anything weird. I don't know what causes it. I wish it would feel better. At least I am off of work in an hour. I can go home and change into comfy pants (I'm already wearing a ridiculously comfortable sweater that I absolutely love because it is so stinking soft and it is black with grey and white flecks and I love black--black and pink are my favorite colors). I'm just drinking Tea and waiting for it to be time to go home.
175988897,"I am doing well this morning. I have an interview today for a copywriter position (not copyright, haha, but copywrite). I also am progressing with my master's degree."
175988898,Changed my mind....
175988899,"The thing is - I love coffee and I need it to function, i.e., it helps with my depression and cognitive stuff. Not disagreeing that herbal tea is good though. Haha."
175988900,_PERSON_ my mom gave one of my clonazepams to my ex step dad because he was anxious about bills then he got called to work and had to pull over and sleep.
174386909,but I was awake for like 5 minutes or so maybe more...idk
175988901,"Oh no!!! He's become a yuppie helicopter parent ... to himself!!! Sorry. That was grossly unfair (and therefore irresistible), and God knows I do it myself in every delusional way possible. The pot calling the kettle black. For what it's worth, 'meeting' schizoids and getting exposed to your endemic (continua nothwithstanding) Culture de la 'FAQ IT!' (say it with a Frrrrenche accent like, 'Target'/""Tar-_NAME_"") has brought me untold joy. (The first time I encountered, 'FAQ' was in a PowerPoint slide at Sun Microsystems before it tanked. At the time I thought it was a p.c. way for Human Resources to say, 'f*ck it', and looked around frantically for laughter (remember, I'm just a groupie, not a true zoid; this was at a new employees' orientation, so I had no one to ask). Not a chuckle in sight, and it took me a LONG time to figure it out, as this occurred before the dot com bust, let alone before Urban Dictionary, etc. Many times, misinterpretations are better than their intended meaning.) _PERSON_
! Actually, he probably did, or something like it. Like all humans he labored under horrendous mental baggage. Have you ever read his writings? He was an even better writer r than he was either a draftsman or painter. Also, if I remember aright (if I""m wrong, it'd only be regarding number of hours each day), _PERSON_ needed an approximately 4 hour pep-talk every day from _PERSON_, just to get out of bed . Feel good now? Whoa. Let's plunge into the deep end. Watercolor is among the most difficult media, brooking no correction, demanding a virtuoso performance. You mean about the energy liberated by taking a massive creative dump (or, more delicately, fecal ' Star Trek funeral')? There's your answer, bro. Judging by your humor on this site, I'll bet so! I share many, many schizoid traits and that is, unfortunately, among the biggest. Whenever I get inspired, I in voluntarily set sail on an out-of-body odyssey of--sometimes-- hours in duration. Is there a name for that? And it seems to be getting worse."
175988902,"I also feel very anxious about it. I do not feel like socializing at all. This morning my husband went to the gym and I was so scared considering that people do not wipe stuff after themselves. I also started getting a little cough and start thinking the worst. I had a headache for days with the stress and just watching the news is so stressful. Hopefully, this will be over soon."
174386915,"hi, you described a very common problem which I have. For me it is like this. I think of a some word and another person tells it afterwords (sometimes this word is quite rare). Or I think of a car's colour and car of that colour passes me by. Of course these two things not always happen. So I am not bothering. However if was you I would'n be so calm. Because I had these how to call telepathy visions last authum. And afterwards I had a deep maniac priod. I was taken into hospital. There I got medicine, including the ones for schizophrenia. My diagnosis was schizoid effect. On the other, you shouldn't be so worried because my psychologist told me that latest maniac period could be the result of hidden emotions from even school time. Anyway, if you feel bad or you are worried, you should visit psychiatrist and/ or psychologist. That's my suggestion."
175988903,"Ohh shyt, bb attackin them snaccs like a boss!"
175988904,Made leek and potato soup....added some turkey seasoning and it came out stellar
175988905,"Hey! Feeling better. Not 100% but I’d say 80% all day I’m stressed right now though. _PERSON_ been sick. Daughter had strep. _PERSON_ throat is red, swollen, generally f’d up for days...finally this morning he says he’ll go after work. Well he gets out at 3:20 barring implosion at facility. I called at 3:25 and again at 3:45. I text several times. Nothing. Now if he’s stuck at work he has the office phone. If he left work early he had all the time leading up to then to call me from his office. Then he had parking lot to urgent care to call. Nothing. WTAF??? This man has watched me struggle with anxiety for 26 years (this Sunday). He knows first hand how I get. So on top of being really worried I’m really pissed that he made the choice not to call me and give me a heads up. I hate when people are inconsiderate of my feelings. I really don’t have many to speak of. But fear is def one of them."
175988906,"Could you elaborate? None for me, thanks."
175988907,"The real fact that you find in the world of schizophrenia,there is no clear scientific knowledge that explains what is nature of schizophrenia as a whole phenomenon,case or condition ,what is it as the person feels,hears,perceives, coexist with or deal with Instead ,you find everyone talking about a group of symptoms,to the degree that most speakers with the name of science think that these symptoms are the cause of the schizophrenia condition (if it was existed ) In order to believe what we say,you can answer about the questions: Explain What viral disease is ,without talking about any specific symptoms ? Explain what genetic disease is,without tell a story about any symptoms of any disease ? If you want to talking about the sz: Explain what sz is,without tell us about your observations /diagnosing to any specific symptoms ? Just talking about the thing be called sz free from its symptoms !"
175988908,"Every schizoid is different. But here's my experience: Growing up, my parents often argued. They were very unhappy with their lives. Whilst i knew that they loved me and never blamed me for their problems, i always knew they wished they had lived a different life. I learned not to express strong emotion in case it set one of them off. I also learned not to complain, for the same reason. In school is was a shy nerd. I was introverted from a young age and had no problem keeping to myself. However i did have a small group of friends and enjoyed social interaction when the threat was minimized. Girls were not interested in me, but i yearned for a girlfriend. My first girlfriend, in my 20's, became my wife. It was amazing to be loved and desired. Intoxicating. Such a contrast from every other relationship (eg parents) where i constantly felt the need to please. We spent a lot of time together. She wanted to spend more time that i did because i found even that interaction fatiguing and needed alone time. 
Over the years my avoidant tendencies became more schizoid. In the early years i went along with my wife's social plans because she liked to socialise. Later on i avoided going out unless it was essential. Years later my wife said she no longer believed that i was in love with her. In fact she believed i had been pretending all those years. I did not cherish her in the manner she considered appropriate. Because my love didnt match her rose-coloured-glasses illusion, it must be completely false. I was devastated. It was far worse than the ""i dont want this life"" experience with my parents. Since then i have cut off all non essential social interaction completely. I felt guilty that i didnt reciprocate my wife's love in the manner she expected. I felt terrible that i had caused her pain. But her calling my love a lie was wrong and just showed she didnt understand me at all. It cant have been easy for her all those years. And certainly, if she knew what she was in for, i would not have blamed her for turning a
way at the start. But she didnt turn away. She loved me for many years and then, one day, she didnt."
175988909,Better than my 50 things. I can't possibly do as much as I think I can.
175988910,I've been going to sleep and getting up at around the same times the past several days
174386926,"That's a good idea. Honestly I hadn't considered it lately. I have thought about going on it before and had other docs recommend that I be on it before. That actually probably is the best solution. All these years I've been on two antipsychotics at a time. That is stupid. I just realized this. When I could have been taking just one (clozapine) the whole time. I mean because Zyprexa + Abilify wasn't even enough for me. Even on that, I would still have serious doubts about things."
175988911,"""Both animal and human models have shown that galantamine (Dementia medication and dream potentiator) can enhance learning and memory. Case reports and preliminary research have suggested that galantamine is an effective adjunctive treatment for schizophrenia, improving both cognition and negative symptoms."""
175988912,Yes I did and washed my hair with clarifying shampoo
175988913,mind is all over the place tonight
175988914,"Just been dwelling on my thoughts this weekend. Got some studying in yesterday, watched movies and TV today. And now tomorrow is Monday again. _PERSON_."
174386930,I actually had brain damage from a virus around 12 yo...
175988915,Take a bubble bath.
175988916,6 months without ciggies! ;D
175988917,Marry me.
175988918,Ah screw it I'm not gonna take it I'll be foggy headed and fatigued (Not tired but FATIGUED). It's a horrible recommendation from my psychiatrist to someone with trouble concentrating and chronic fatigue.
175988919,I did... but my family from my dads side of the family are blocked and I don't deal with them anymore.
175988920,Thank you _PERSON_! Chronic pain is indeed where she should post this question. Best wishes with your health Fishing Gal! S.C.
175988921,"I never told fiancé this nor not really anyone else. Possible trigger: but when I lost my job I hit a deep deep depression. I was truly wanting to die. I would sit in my closet for hours at a time and just think about doing something to myself in there. I had to go on double the dose of VRAYLAR when I lost my job too. I quit doing everything and was sleeping for hours upon hours with this med and the depression. There was a few days I was only awake for an hour out of each day. My anxiety was extremely severe. I was having panic attacks multiple times a day. Worried about my dad and fiancé and me, my pets. And then the financial situation cuz I lost my job. I was having one of the worst times I’ve had in 2 years or 3. I was hearing voices so loud and clear and I started to get delusional. One night I paced the bedroom for an hour and fiancé got up cuz it kept him awake. I’m still struggling a bit but I’m much better now."
175988922,I think you were teasing me (hopefully good naturedly) or playing off what I said because it reminded you of a song
175988923,Enjoy it!
174386934,"I have some good days and some bad days as they increase my meds. I'm still waiting for things to work or something. my mind is like telling me I""m going to die soon.. to run away... they are also telling me to cut myself to give them my blood. I hear **** all the ****ing time. I just hope it doesn't go down to doing ECT along with the clozapine. 900 is the max dosage for clozapine and I""m at 650 a day. I however did gain 16 pounds from when I first started on it. I'm trying to avoid gaining more weight. well see how it goes."
175988924,"She's a very underrated actress. How could you not remember her from Trainspotting? She was the schoolgirl who _PERSON_ was ######6. I liked her in ""No Country..."". I suppose it's hard to smooth over a Scottish accent but she got the whole Texas trash attitude down very well. I'm watching ""Fargo"" (season 1) again and a bunch of nature docs. Also can't stop watching ""Climax"". I still can't figure out if it's a ridiculous mess or a brilliant nightmare."
175988925,"hi guys. I'm tired today even though I slept in until 6 AM. Usually I get up between 4:30 AM and 5 AM. I still feel bad. Suicidal. Depressed. Ugh. I see T on Friday. Just gotta pull it together until then. I feel like laying on the floor and just sleeping. But I can't because I'm at work. I want to SH because I know it would change how I'm feeling for a bit and I could use a break from it but I'm trying to remember that if I don't SH I'm more emotionally stable. But it's hard to make that argument when one is suicidal. Day two of feeling like this. Wish it would go away. Hugs all, _PERSON_"
175988926,Playing a lot of The Sims and Stardew Valley lately
175988927,1are they opposed to mixing a half dose of each 2canyou cut the haldol dose down?
175988928,"So I'm feeling massive depression. It seems like everyone in my life has disappeared before this pandemic. Ever since last year when my friend passed away suddenly (35 years of friendship) I really tried to get close to my wife and tried to get to close controlling her she winded up cheating on me. Now that has been on my mind and everyday I wake up, I really wish I hadn't. I have lost interest in doing almost anything. Even my kids getting older don't want to do much with me. My wife and I are working it out but im trying to change her to love me more which will only drive her away. I can't stop it though. I take my loneliness out on her and its not helping our relationship. Its so hard to trust her everytime she walks out the door. But I still love her and don't want to lose my family. But its not just the lack of togetherness that makes me lonely. All my family and friends have disappeared after my friend died. Nobody seems to care. I need help. I'm so tired of feeling like this. Its so hard sta
ying with her but I do love her and my kids and its not fair to my children for me to not give a better effort, but I'm trying so freaking hard."
175988929,Sorry no one has replied to you This forum seems to have gotten very slow Obviously you are self medicating yourself with alcohol Many do Unfortunately it’s a vicious cycle It calms you down and makes you forget until the next day comes and it causes anxiety Are you able to stop at just one which would take the edge off? Wishing you peace
175988930,"My 81 pack amiibo cards came today and the three in some free animal crossing stickers and a pair of these paw print Nintendo switch thumb grips Attached Images 1F178150-D9BF-467C-B610-15DCFA2FF9CA.jpg (133.8 KB, 4 views)"
175988931,"I was ready to stop using the weighted blanket. I think by not using it, I'll build a routine to become dependent on the blanket until my anxiety is over. Mind trick.. But I need to stop chewing nicotine gum and can't.."
175988932,"Survived my first week at my new job. I didn’t get my laptop until Thursday so for Monday-Wednesday I had to use my old job desktop. All good to go live on working on sales stuff on Monday! My mom had a scare this morning likely an allergic reaction to something she takes and I had to drive her to the hospital. Because of COVID I couldn’t go in with her so I waited outside in the vehicle. But she’s all fine now. Just won’t take the stuff anymore and follow up with her doctor. I also started doing home workouts before work. So workout, shower, work, and then studying and crocheting. All I do."
175988933,I am beyond tired tho
175988934,That sounds not fun. Wish I could help.
175988935,"Hi, So since my last post, things got better, and things got worst. But at least I'm still here. Lately feels like I've relapsed in some of my old fear of dying. It used to be really bad. I'd go to bed and stare at a blank space in the room and contemplate death and how it would be. I would get so frightened. Eventually it went away, mostly from leading an active life. But lately I've been keeping to myself again and the old nasty thoughts are back. I know I have to keep active and do meditation, excersise, eat well, etc. Just 0 motivation right now. Where is my motivation??? Just feels useless. I know it's ok, just a couple months ago I wasn't sure how I would make it through the next day without having suicidal thoughts. I don't have those anymore, but a paralyzing fear of death instead :( I'm not looking for solutions, just need to vent it out. Maybe I shouldn't read so much about quantum physics and consciousness lol... Anyway, thanks for stopping by"
175988936,Watching breaking bad season 3.
175988937,"I'm a little pissed. Fiances old job wants him to go back. It was a horrible job. Low pay, lower than now. No paid vacation or sick leave. He'd be out of work for months during the winter. Idk why hes even considering going back!"
175988938,Yes just had some white chocolate mocha and a _NAME_ for breakfast....
175988939,I worry about my mom a lot too. She takes care of herself but she’s disabled and has some health problems. I don’t want to even think what I would do without her she’s my hero.
175988940,"I'm sorry. I dont watch the news because of that, and only read about it every couple or few days. I have my news curated around gaming news, entertainment news, and technology news."
175988941,"IDK, I think I might be depressed today. My mood feels rather flat and I'm just tired and out of it. I feel spacey."
175988942,"It can take six to eight weeks to reach full potential. I hope that the lexapro works for you. I took it for awhile, and it is good for anxiety and depression. Have a good day. Hugs, _NAME_... PS Good thing you got the side effects done and over. I get them two months down the road and they don't leave. I am unfortunate like that with all SSRIs."
175988943,"You guys don’t realize how happy I am that, that tax thing went through!"
174386957,"I have been diagnosed with schizophrenia for a bit over 10 years. Now, after all these years I have considered that it is possible the voices might be hallucinations and not only psychic occurrences but I am still unsure. One thing that bothers me is that when the voices are at full volume and I am really bothered by them, arguing etc. I often hear children who are actually on the street outside my house or walking past me crying and screaming about what I just thought or what the voices are saying. It is as if children of all ages can definitely hear me and the voices thought broadcasting. I was wondering if anyone else has had this immensely strange occurrence happen to them? I slightly feel it is proof that the entire world can hear my every thought."
175988944,I hope it works for you! I know when I first went crazy I tried soooo many SSRIs before I just stopped and went crazy again and after like four meds found Latuda. Never give up!
175988945,In T's waiting room....waiting for my appointment. Listening to some terrible elevator music.
175988946,"We didn't sleep at all last night... _PERSON_, zero, zilch..."
175988947,That's a good idea. I usually get enough fruits but definitely not enough vegetables. Maybe I'll look into that. I found a berry powder on amazon that has 50 super foods per scoop
175988948,"I’ve been struggling with a mental illness for years, but I never knew or could even speculate on what was happening with me. Then I started working in an inpatient psychiatric facility. A few months later, I started nursing school. I started to see a lot of similarities in my behavior to my borderline patients, and I’ll be honest, it scared me because BPD is stigmatized so much, more than any other illness I’ve seen. I’ve heard coworkers say “Oh, she’s just being borderline, we can’t give into it” or “Oh, another borderline admission. That’s great.” I was only recently diagnosed with BPD, but I’ve had the symptoms for about 15 years. I’m 30 now, and I know this mainly started when I was a teenager. I blamed my mood lability on getting my period and general teenage angst. But I never grew out of it. I would be fine one minute, angry the next, then crying, then being fine, and the cycle would repeat over and over. I always over-analyzed conversations and interactions with e
verybody; did I say something dumb? Do they like me? What about that dumb thing I definitely said? They’re going to hate me. They already do. I have always had an intense fear of abandonment, shifting moods, my self-esteem and self-image has always been so rough because I’m so mean to myself, I self harm regularly, I almost always feel alone (unless I am with my girlfriend), and it’s so hard for me to control my anger. I basically act insane. I’ll throw things or punch walls or scream and cry. I have constant racing thoughts about everything. When I realized that all my signs and symptoms pointed right to BPD, I found a psychiatrist who specializes in it in my area. She stopped my anti-depressant med - I had been on Wellbutrin for about a year - and prescribes Neurontin as a mood stabilizer. It’s working so far - my outbursts are fewer, and I feel less sad. However, when I am severely triggered or stressed, I tend to still act out. I’m going to ask about taking an atypical antipsychotic at my next 
appointment to help with my thoughts, hoping that adding it will finally give me peace in my head, if only for a little while. BPD is one of the most alienating illness I’ve seen. It ruins relationships. It ruins self-image. For up to 10% of people with BPD, it leads to suicide. It’s an awful, awful disease and I wouldn’t wish it on anyone, because it makes you question every interaction, relationship, word, and thought. You may never ever feel stable if you have BPD. I don’t. I always feel like I’m a hair trigger, and I am. I’m always at the edge, and it’s super easy for me to fall off and then have to claw and climb my way back up. I’m not ashamed to admit that I have BPD. I didn’t choose this life, so being able to admit that this is what it is will hopefully begin to diminish the _USER_ID_ a bit. If I can function successfully in the world, in my career (as a nurse at the same facility mentioned above) and in my relationships, then BPD can be beat or at least managed. I’m not giving up
. I refuse."
174386966,After taking it?
175988949,Just be careful the lack of sleep can throw you into either mania or depression quickly......
175988950,Just had a burger and I'm eating/drinking a root beer float.
175988951,Yes you will feel effects for at least a week until your body/mind adjusts. I started with 10mg lexapro then went up to 20mg for PTSD MDD and GAD. It felt like “invisible walls” went up when I first took it. It stopped the depression and intrusive thoughts immediately. Nothing they have given me has helped with my anxieties or manias yet. Hang in there. It will get better or your shrink will change it up.
175988952,Know the feeling. You should look up the book Pigeon needs a bath” Fruugo The Pigeon Needs a Bath by _PERSON_ - _PHONE_NO_ Book Shop The Pigeon Needs a Bath by _PERSON_ - _PHONE_NO_ Book. One of many items available from our Childrens Books department here at Fruugo! Price: EUR 9.95 My wife got it for our son but it’s really for me. It’s hilarious in so many ways
175988953,"I can't believe I made 13 days of memory journals in a row. And I have a lot to say every day. I think a lot. I put a topic for every day, search the topic in Google images and then find an image related to it and put the image in my notes so I remember the day more. It's genius!"
175988954,"Thanks! Lol. They turned out good, but couldve been better. I am enjoying cooking a lot."
174386965,"_PERSON_, now that it's October, are you still on the Abilify, and if so, how are you doing on it at this point?"
175988955,"**** yeah, Newtus. =)"
175988956,"I feel fine, just withdrawals"
175988957,I had an ultrasound done awhile ago ya. The person thinks I may have a fibroid tumor though. I don't know what that is. I have some anxiety about why I would even get such a condition. Can someone tell me more about what it is. How is it treated though. Any advice would be nice. Thanks. I just feel sad about it. I am not sure what to do ya.
175988958,"Also aside from what _PERSON_ said, you typically need to increase the dose over time to be effective, they’re addictive and it doesn’t mix with alcohol at all."
175988959,"I can't sing (I don't think). I played flute and my mom taught me piano when I was a kid but I forget (She's was a piano teacher). I can play be ear really well and gifted in music.. But depression got the best of me.. drawing, stopped. Played guitar, stopped. Started playing guitar again last year, stopped. I just need to find songs to play. Ones that inspire me. I need inspiration. People give me inspiration (Like my friends from two summers ago) but they're gone now.. I'm a person that does really really well when I get inspiration from good hearted people."
175988960,"The pandemic has shown me the true value of compassion. Hardships i encounter are invalid in terms of people in third world countries who are searching for the next bowl of rice to feed their children and with covid and or ebola and hiv/aids. Yes isolation is tough, but we moan...with a roof over our heads, a job, a pension, food and the internet. We have become soft, and indifferent to the true suffering of people out their. Our veterans in australia, one i met at the shops a year ago when people went into a buying madness, this digger laughed and said, in the jungle, maybe after four days of rugged jungle warfare a bowl of cold soup, on top of dysentary, toilet paper, he laughed, leaves. Let this learning be one of compassion, the planet is immune to nothing. This is something foreign to viable countries, but just another form of hell to those whom are not so wealthy. Help others, and in turn you will be helped. To give compassion, is to receive compassion. not having a dig at anyone, just want u
s to be cognizant of others doing it much tougher. HT"
175988961,"They keep fcking up my inhaler here and my lungs are getting slower and worse. If I could, Possible trigger: I'd beat them up for it. With a baseball bat."
175988962,"I might be slipping out of lurking mode, not sure. Some aggravating stuff is going on with my phone. But I'm back in my former room (not the one with the beautiful view)."
175988963,"Yes I did, when we first started working together a few years ago, I had forgotten about that honestly"
175988964,"Here for a chat anytime, you got my info. HT"
174386979,"Yeah my psychiatrist sounded like a typical psychiatrist. AP's decrease everything I think. If you're a zombie and don't have emotion to form memories (Because memories need emotion to form stronger), you have less memory... But you were on such a low dose of Abilify.. I don't get it.. Although your one psychosis was pretty heavy.. I feel like taking stimulants saved my mind from going to mush.."
174386985,"Hi my name is _PERSON_ and have been on this site for six years. I would like to re-introduce myself. Although I don't suffer from schizophrenia, I do suffer from severe mental illness. I would like to join this group, hoping it will help me."
175988965,For the blokes and ladies. Really important to get hormone levels checked. Some meds food stuffs amd over the counter can play havoc in this dept. Men...valarian...reduces testosterone levels....hops...enough said... And plenty of good stuff for both men and women. Garlic...men sarsparella and zinc. This...zinc is crucial. Men prostate exam if betyer side of forty....cough me. Women.....things like pcos. And the ladies you guys need a small amount of testerone...so check. Regards. HT
175988966,"Oatmeal, raisins, and Franks Red Hot buffalo sauce"
175988967,"This one kicks me in the ass. _NAME_...""Mayonnaise"" proto-punk from 1974 . https://youtu.be/ALpJEbTbNeU?t=148 Mayonnaise...mayonnaise...mayonnaise...mayonnaise Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why I have to wake up? Why? Why I have to see you? I don't wanna see you I don't wanna be here Why? Why? Mayonnaise Mayonnaise Mayonnaise! Mayonnaise! Mayonnaise! Mayonnaise! I honestly couldn't have said it better."
175988968,I'm thinking about tattoos I want I would want to get right now if I could but because of COVID no one does walk-ins and I don't think my mom would think it's a good idea and I don't want to spend money. But tattoos! And savings and money and finance and math and ugh I should be studying my thoughts are moving too fast for my fingers to keep up it's so annoying I wish I could just get drunk and not think of things anymore it's too much.
175988969,Thanks! I compared it to another eevee I _NAME_ 8 months ago and my art seems to have improved over time
175988970,Perfume. Texted T and got an appointment for today. Texted some friends for support.
175988971,Air1 Christmas channel
175988972,"I'm not sure what's wrong with me. I feel stressed, lonely and depressed. I don't have much energy either."
175988973,"We got hail last night, today we've had freezing rain, snow, and wind all day"
175988974,"I told him last night, I had told him before that I couldnt know how much time I would be with him, but yesterday I ask him again if he had thought about SPD, get diagnosis and get therapy, but he said that he is not SPD and the only thing bad with him, is that he cant get a job. He is determined to not going to therapy, so I told him that I have to make my decision, if I can or canot keep in this relationship.......I wish I could stay with him, I could accept him as SPD, but if I accepting him as he is, I am hurting myself, I really wish that it wasn’t that way, but it is as it is. So there is only one answer for me, only one path, as hard as is going to be for both, is the best, at least for me, I hope for him to, I want him to be happy and find his way on life. Thank you for all your answers, I came her looking for answers and I got support and a feeling of emphaty. I hope you get what you want of life. And be happy in your own way."
175988975,"For many with mental illness, being on helpful psychiatric medications are a must. Lots of people with this terrible illness can't survive without them. Furthermore, some people on psychiatric meds have to be put on more than one pill. They need to be on two or more medications at the same time. As many who are on more than one psych pills can tell you, being on lots of meds can often make you sleepy. I've been on pills that have made me sleepy much of the time back in the day. However, I've also been on lots of pills at the same time that had the opposite effect. Instead of them making me tired, it made me nervous...real nervous. And to make matters worse, the pills made my hands tremor badly every time I got anxious. In order to be on the right pills for mental illness, you must be on medication(s) that don't make you sleepy for much of the day, and you must be on pills that don't make you a nervous wreck either. And their are pills out there that can help you emotionally without making you tired 
or anxious, fortunately. So don't settle for anything less!"
175988976,"It's pretty hard to reason w someone with paranoia and hallucinations, the basics of this illness is that when we are In the throes of psychosis we do not think we are ill, aka have zero or minimal insight. Of course that can be helped, but for most in the early stages they are unable to see that what they are experiencing isnt real, and trying to tell them so might just make them angry, defensive, more paranoid, and more isolative Gently letting him know you're here , if he wants to talk, not showing judgement, fear, uncomfortableness, or trying to reason him out of it. For me it helps to rant abt my thoughts and not have someone try to offer solutions . .sometimes we just wanna b heard and not waved off as a lunatic With that said some people just dont respond to any attempts to help them. And it is truly very sad."
175988977,When is your next therapy or pdoc appointment?
175988978,Did the first half of my exam....in a productive mood today.....
175988979,"But also I have to work on the problem of when I'm down like ""I'll TAKE x to feel better"" instead of ""I'll DO x to feel better""..."
175988980,Went to get my meds and the nurse was off on an errand. Will try again later.
174387000,"I'm doing well. I did not meet the man from Bumble again. I blocked him because he lost interest. Well, I have an online buddy, he is nice. I have a few online buddies but only one is very supportive of me!! I am happy. Tomorrow, I return to work. I will be fine. I need to prepare tonight because I start at 6am. I like my job. I took my medication, exercised, and ate healthy so far today. Tonight, I will just drink liquids. I want to lose some weight because I feel tired all of the time. I drink coffee to combat this. I am doing well and it has been about two months since I've been here. I am doing absolutely fabulous!! I have no breaks for awhile though. I hope to continue persevering. I'd like to take on as many hours as possible too. So far, I'm able to do it. But, I was getting tired! I will try to go out and exercise daily- 20 flights of stairs and eat healthy too. I am happy for once. I was truly unhappy at home with my family. Boy, they treated me like a prisoner. Thus, I don't want to retur
n home. I understand I was depending on them financially, etc. But, I never could go out of the house by myself for the last year or so. It was awful!! Now, I'm free as a bird but need to work. It is a trade off. I like working so it is not a burden. I just have to remind myself to take my medication. Then, everything else works out just fine for me. So simple- to take medication daily. But, for me, it is quite a feat to continue being compliant. Have a good day y'all!!"
175988981,"Awe _PERSON_ <3 Much hugs. Take an lorazepam? Then drink chamomile tea, get a blanket, sit on the couch - Tell fiance. Watch TV until it's over."
175988982,"Waters back on, sloppy joes are cooking away....peaceful...."
175988983,"My case manager is signing me up for this vocational rehabilitation program that helps people find jobs, excited!"
175988984,"Are you able to confront some of the trauma head on? If you aren’t putting it to the back of your mind, I would think you are handling it better!"
175988985,_PERSON_
174387019,"Hi, _PERSON_. I don't presently have visions, but I have voices & relate with everything you said, plus other things. I've had to adjust to a lot. I hope for you & I wish you all the best! Lots of hugs to you!"
175988986,Big part of me just wants to dance and drink and eat THC gummies and **** like that. DROP SOME ACID.
175988987,Where were u?
174387021,"You could be having some negative symptoms but I think you said loads in that message already. No one is here to judge how much we chose to share. Some people just don't like sharing anything, only the important stuff about what's going on. And it can be like even though there can be so much going on, you don't allow much to go on and the thoughts are less so you don't care. It happens to introverted smart peoples. You're good my friend! You're being hard on yourself like I am without phenibut.. I get apathetic AF to the point where I'm thought disabled.. The soldiers made fun of me when I was feeling that way but no one understands that it is mental illness and we aren't defined by how much we talk, our lack of facial expressions, fake smiles, etc.."
175988988,How do I get on the Samaritan help line? I do not have thoughts of evil. I'm just realistic. A priest told me to write down 3 things I'm thankful for every day. I've been on meds since 1985. Been thru 3 series of ECT's with no success. Those things are terrifying and would never recommend them to anyone! Also tried TMS. My meds are keeping me out of the hospital. Anyway. I'd love to have that #. Thanks for caring. _NAME_.
175988989,"Watching anime on Netflix and drinking some coffee. It's been a good day, I'm very thankful. I'm thinking of looking up some drawing tutorials maybe later or tomorrow so I can sketch something. Hope the new med helps! _AT_MENTION_"
175988990,In the North all the bugs die in the winter. Or hibernate. But stupid bugs in the summer for sure.
175988991,i assume i'm being manipulated as well as assuming my mind's being read. it eases the burden. i also assume a lot of the fishing edits are apt enough procedure. when gauging the manipulation it helps me to see duality as the spectrum extremes of each _USER_ID_. these could be speculative and subjective. i see each _USER_ID_ id as fluid and i see duality as fluid duality. privatisation could be a contradiction to having a collective cloud. it could create conflict through fishing _USER_ID_ distraction. i try and see art on the hooks instead of stock on the hooks. i try and find a way to accept potential telepathy and manipulation without begrudging it.
175988992,"It must be Cyclist Hospital night. Just put on a movie about someone who ends up in a psych hospital after committing a crime. After the initial scene, where do they end up but... the Oregon State Hospital!!! The old Kirkbride building is from the 1880s and it has been remodeled totally. it is quite beautiful, some nice pics of it. Spent a looooooong time there. Anyhow, I cannot escape, or something..."
175988993,"Yeah, I hear that. Loneliness is the absolute worst thing ive had to go through in life. Hoping to find someone to connect with, to give me a reason to keep going in life. I’ve been empty for so long."
175988994,"I understand how you are feeling though I’m not in the same situation that you are in. I do not have a partner that has depression but my teenage son has depression with social anxiety. It’s really hard i know. I too am feeling that i’m beginning to be depressed too coz it feels like it’s never ending. I’m feeling this today then I came across your post. Please hang on, have more patience. Talk to him and ask how you can help him. Take care of yourself too."
175988995,"Damn, that is rough. I am sorry to hear this ... Sending good thoughts her way ..."
175988997,Call your insurance company. They will have that information for you.
175988998,Played the Sims 4 for awhile on my Xbox One today Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175988999,I’ve got 15 ounces of cbd hemp flower lol
175989000,"I just recently started lexapro 13 days ago. I’m on 5 mg currently but still struggling with anxiety. I would love to hear some success stories on lexapro, when you started to feel better, and what mg works best for you?"
175989001,Got my new ID in the mail. It's good for 8 years
175989002,It May take a few days for the meds to start working normally again....
175989003,I like having labels. Put a name to thoughts and feelings. Make things make sense. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175989004,I should get some real puzzles...this one was sixty four pieces and it still took 10 min with rotation off(so the pieces don’t need to be turned to fit) anyway Brains like so slow right now....
175989005,I bought McDonald's for breakfast for me and my Dad. I bought myself a Starbucks Iced Caramel Machiato (I don't know how to spell that) and a piece of pumpkin bread.
175989006,"Thanks everyone for the replies. Some very helpful hints and resource suggestions as well. I'll get her to check out cbt4panic, (_AT_MENTION_). She walks everyday, and is now doing jigsaw puzzles. Seems odd to me, but she does say the distraction helps. Doubt I'll get he off of Dr. _PERSON_ though. She has a new self-diagnosis every day it seems. She did call the Doctor back today and was able to make an appointment, which is a big step for her. We'll see how the next week goes."
175989007,Great self care. HT
175989008,"Me too. OMG. And I still can't stop eating candy. There was a positive development last night though, I hit a wall where I started feeling nauseated. That can be a big help if it keeps happening."
175989009,no not today
175989010,I can definitely feel the trileptal slow me down a lot though an hour after I take my morning dose and my night dose
175989011,HAAHAHA! I'm 38 and I stressed a lot in my life. All my friends are starting to have greys on the side of their heads. Makes us look a bit distinguished.
175989012,I hate being depressed. Stupid haldol. And no matter how much coffee I drink on haldol I'm still tired. Geodon I needed just 1 sip and I was awake.
175989013,Showered Most of the clothes I put on are clean Oatmeal for breakfast Did my hair and put on perfume Made it to work
175989014,Thanks _PERSON_! That's a great idea. I love _PERSON_.
175989015,"Just finished 'The Honourable Woman', a political spy thriller. Powerful performance by _NAME_. _NAME_ also excellent. In fact all the actors were compelling to watch. I had to buy this one but well worth it."
175989016,"Yes, took my morning meds."
175989017,"I’m so sorry to hear that you are having a hard time right now. I’m so proud of you for seeking therapy for the PTSD and acknowledging the triggers. It’s not easy working through any of that so I applaud you on doing the work that comes with that as well. It sounds like you both have some mental health components which is nice to have that level of relatability within the relationship. With that, there needs to be a level of compassion and love as well in order for each of you to be there for one another and be able to lean on one another when one experiences a flare up type of situation regarding mental health matters. Are you able to identify what you need in your most triggering moments where you can feel the most supported/loved by him? Once you get there, are you able to feel comfortable communicating those needs to him and allowing him to provide that for you if he’s able to? Relationships are hard work but you and your mental health comes first. Take care of yourself and be gentle wi
th the process. Sending lots of love your way."
175989018,black coffee
175989019,"Oh that's so much fun! Before my life crashed I used to go to Sephora and use all the testers I was interested in! I haven't bought a new perfume in close to 20 years. There's a certain one I want but I don't know what it's called. Take your time and enjoy yourself! Just wipe everything well with alcohol before you try it. If you're going to a drug store, ignore this message lol!"
175989020,"*Unpleasant derealization. Amphetamine pills never caused it and I don't remember crack doing so either. On the occasion when coke was sprinkled into my pot or tobacco it caused it, but it wasn't unpleasant. And the development of delusions (and any other psychotic symptoms) only occurred after chronic usage of the pills or smoking rock"
175989021,Yeah I feel like sometimes just posting my thoughts help. Just as long as one person sees it then I feel a bit better that I'm not alone with my thoughts.
175989022,Yeah this is the first time me delusions have been on religion. I’m not religious regularly at all. One time years ago I was really up and I wanted to convert to all kinds of religions but that’s a little different. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175989023,Yeet yeet lil parakeet
175989024,Okay so my care manager was apparently talking to my sister behind my back and told my psych that she was concerned because I was manic and spending lots of money and texting my sister in the middle of the night.
175989025,"Another late day at work. I have 2 hours before I have to go to bed lol Even my boss is giving us the crazy eyes about it. Everything will be okay from now on though I believe. Tomorrow I'm going to have raman noodles with kimchi for dinner. Cheap, tasty, unhealthy, it checks all my boxes lol"
175989026,"Hi again My husband and I have known each other since we were teens, so I think we always knew there was a problem... just ignored it. This style generally resulted in a very dysfunctional and high voltage relationship. Not healthy for anyone! We broke up, got back together, got engaged, got not engaged about every month for four years. Before I go on, I also have Borderline Personality disorder so I can’t blame everything on BP2. I run from all important relationships, including friends, at the rage/paranoia part of my mania and then remain isolated during depression. Usually guilt follows and I stay away- not real sure how to get it back. Friendship, this guilt stall has lasted 4 years. As for me and my husband, the longest I ignored his basic existence was about a month. Every once in awhile we would check in to make sure everyone was still kicking, but it was some space I thought I needed. I was never hyper sexual. That is likely due to my very religious background. I was however, very very v
ery drunk for a very long time. Self harm and sitting in parks alone at midnight with a handle was my preferred coping... not my finest hour by any stretch. I don’t know what made me wake up and get help- I think it was my kid honestly. She Asked why I cried and yelled so much; and then she started to imitate. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing and got help the next day. It was hard, and I still worry about the damage I caused, but someday I will explain- when she’s ready- we will talk and prep for those hard questions. I gave immense guilt, but own my actions as my own. Thinking straight- no. My mouth and my voice- yes. What’s that phrase- A hurricane trapped in a rain drop Lol it is all a learning experience- I wish there was a manual ;)"
175989027,My mom said that everything is ok and no one thinks badly about me. My dad said he was taking something last night.. Like a drug or something. So we all screwed up. I just want to put this behind me. I'm starting to feel better I just needed to go a bit nuts because of the coronavirus. I hope no one here hates me. And @ Job. Idk whether or not phenibut is a good idea. I'll try and look for some better alternatives later. It's just that it can be addictive if you don't have your own safe intuitive way of using it. I think the best thing to do is use certain herbs and supplements that have a small effect and use placebo and spirituality. You know so much about philosophy that you can use that.. like yknow how everyone has knowledge in a lot of things but one main interest? Find patterns in things.. Just take your time. It doesn't have to be fixed now. It will get better.
175989028,I am so unproductive these days. I can't do anything for grad school. The assignments are so vague. I just want to read books.
175989029,Thanks sp!!!
175989030,Thanks dt!!!!
175989031,"I think things liken to this at times, typically at night. I don’t tend towards self destruction though because I don’t think of my self. More like the idea of what a self would look like if I actually had one. Because I don’t have one. Not in the normal sense of self way."
175989032,Don’t mean to come off as rude. I just felt like I needed to say that I deal with hypochondria because it’s kinda really bad with me. This is the first time I’m acknowledging it with someone by saying that.
175989033,"I haven’t done any makeup this year lol. My stuff will be expired R.I.P. Eyeliner is one of the hardest I would say, don’t worry if it takes a while for you to learn. I’m confident with my eye shadows but not with eyeliner even after years of doing it"
175989034,"Many people find cardio as something that calms them down and makes them feel happy, even if it's on a temporary basis. So I recommend it for you, _PERSON_."
175989035,"SP, you have anymore articles you’d like to contribute?"
175989036,I feel I just have to get this all out. I feel pressured to chat. So many thoughts so many things. I worry that if I talked to my mom about all this she'll take me to the hospital. I don't think I need the hospital. Such a waste of time.
175989037,"Wow, I hope I sleep tonight. Last night no sleep really."
175989038,"I want to clarify that rank 22 is for torture- murderers . It is a level for those with torture as their primary motive. The motive need not always be sexual. -- Tue Aug 20, 2019 8:23 am -- I fear that my decision to use ASPD in place of moderate psychopathy wasn't proper enough even though it was pretty accurate. It's true that serial killing in itself is not enough to warrant an official ASPD diagnosis. Like I said myself, the Angels of Death serial killers would only officially qualify for narcissistic and/or histrionic personality disorders even tough they are clinically psychopathic. Likewise, I thought there were also people who didn't meet the DSM criterion for ASPD but who were still inherently antisocial. Only now, in retrospect, I doubt I can take that step. The definition of antisocial is highly tied to deviant behavior, therefore I agree that we should reserve Antisocial personality for people who are actually antisocial in other facets of their lives and who have a sufficient amount of 
PCL Factor 2. In serial killers where Factor 2 is lacking, we should rather describe them in terms of varying degrees of psychopathy or narcissism, since only these constructs properly capture the callousness of their acts or the motivation behind them. On the other hand, 1PolarBear, your vigorous protestation against assuming a serial killer is antisocial was exaggerated in light of the fact that actually so few of them do not at least meet the antisocial threshold if not full-blown psychopathy. Speaking of which, the serial killer with the lowest level of psychopathy/narcissism is _PERSON_. She was placed in category 7: highly narcissistic killers without full-blown psychopathy. She killed several of her children to get attention and sympathy. She had a disorder called Munchausen syndrome by proxy."
175989039,"I was wondering about ofthevalley too, haven't seen her around in so long"
175989040,"Hello bmayesimpressions, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about mental fatigue. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Mental Health America search: mental fatigue Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175989041,My dad learned how to make breakfast burritos with chorizo and eggs like way back when I was a kid....I’m sure they picked it up from a Mexican place originally but lots of diners carried something similar in my area....
175989042,I basically have to exercise to keep my mood decent. I have learned this lately.
175989043,"Ah. Work is boring today. It's nice to not have a full plate but it isn't helping me with the depression either. So far no hallucinations today. At least not visual ones. Maybe a sensory one if that is possible. I'm wanting to SH and that's difficult. I want to curl up in a ball and get under my weighted blanket and be nice and safe. It's horrible how therapy can destabilize you. It's like I was doing good and then wham. One bad therapy session and I'm back to not doing well. Destabilized. Just like that. Hard to feel like the professionals really care. I'm trying to be kind to myself today and not be hard on myself. Not too much to do at work, but I might get a pile at the end of the day. That is what usually happens to me. Hard to get distracted from how I feel when there isn't much going on at work."
175989044,Just remembered my T was talking about doing psychological testing at some point. Kind of scary to me. I don't know what it would show. It's kind of depressing to think about. I wonder if she had anything in mind when she mentioned that.
175989045,"Fiances not home. I'm not feeling well. I think I'm getting a cold or worse. I took my temperature at about 6pm it was normal. Took it now, it's a bit higher. My throat and nose feels dry. My head hurts and is foggy. I been sneezing a bit and chilly. I'm someone who doesnt sneeze a lot. Like at all. I gotta goto work tomorrow. I cant sleep tho cuz I dont feel well."
175989046,"I understand wanting to be known for something, I think that desire is only human as well. I agree, I think everyone is interesting for some reason or another. I am not a judgmental person, there is always a reason behind everything. I do not always like the things people do, but I can understand it. People often talk to me about things others have judged them for in the past, I think I give off an understanding of human nature without realizing I am doing so. This has gotten me into interesting situations before. Some people live to be critics, I have noticed several patterns among people like that. It is again, interesting to me. I have had some conversations with very critical and judgmental people before, that wound up going to some fascinating places ... I have been told to write a few books myself, though I do not know if I could stick to any given topic. I am all over the place much of the time. My dad is an ENTJ, lol ... yeah talk about a battle of wills when he and I disagree about anythin
g. Ahahahaha. I am good at learning music by ear, also. My favorite thing is to compose my own. I have perfect pitch, though I think that runs in the family in my case. Interesting that your depression did not involve the low self-esteem ... I wonder what is behind that, if it is a different ""mechanism"" at play ... I can tell what other people are feeling quite easily, also, go figure. I do not always share this with other people, however, sometimes this can make people a bit uncomfortable. INFPs are fascinating, and I do not understand why people assume that ""feeling type"" means ""stupid"" because that is incorrect ... lol."
175989047,_PERSON_ too big
175989048,Do you feel any better....
175989049,"I can't really keep up with anyone anymore. The only 2 people I keep priority is my fiance and my dad. Other than that, I dont really have time for anyone. Wish I did, but it is probably better that I dont. People would get mad with me cuz I called them too much. Even had someone block me from their life and social media because of it. They were petty anyway, and had a lot of issues that they did not even attempt to try to help themselves with. Anyway."
175989050,Thank you guys for your input.Still going strong with one half of .05 and I almost feel guilty that I feel so good (after almost 7 years )_NAME_ I also read your comments on the depression forum .Thank for giving so much of your time and energy to all of us.
174387082,It's been years since I posted anything. After staying away from psychiatrists and continuing the med journey after trying and failing a few I have decided to give it another try after 8 years due to a mental decline over the past few years and having great difficulty to stay in a motivated and positive mind set always depressed and irritable Not to mention suicidal ideations often. Never any attempts. I'm seeing my old psychiatrist again and have started a combination of Trintellix 5mg and Abilify 1mg for Bi polar 2. Mostly depression and a lot of irritability. Trintellix is supposed to be a milder form of antidepressant with less side effects and abilify an anti psychotic used for Bi polar in low doses. I was scared to death of psych meds after nasty side effects in the past but was at the point where it was worth the risk. So far no major side effects but I am on very low doses. I started these meds back in June 2020 starting the antidepressant then adding the abilify. I pray that these or someth
ing will keep me more consistently stable. That's my story in summary. I'll post where I am with the treatment now in a separate post. I'm also in therapy. It's obvious that meds are an essential part of my mental health it's just a matter of finding the right one. I'm sure I could survive without but feeling like fish out of water is no way to live. Thank you healing well for this forum.
175989051,"If food runs out I'll just go on a 7 day water fast, eat, 7 day water fast.. Etc... No big deal. I can make 2 months of food last a year."
175989052,"Same here, once in the morning, then one in the evening. So far I've lost 4lbs on the 500 mg, but now I'm on 1000 mg so I will see how that goes"
175989053,God delivers.
175989054,"Have you heard about the new Star Trek:Picard.? It’s filming now, about his life twenty years later. I’m so excited he was my favorite captain."
175989055,"Not today but I took one yesterday. I might get one tonight, or for sure tomorrow morning."
175989056,"after hitting the wax my friend says we should go to the store... You want my happy ""high"" self wonder into the speedway gas station around all the junk food... I wont afford it but I'll settle for a slushie and maybe some candies and slim _NAME_.."
175989057,"Get a big garbage bag, thats your dump. Get a small bucket, line with like a small shopping bag and a few magazine pages. Do your business, tie it up (hopefully it doesnt leak or smell), and put it in your dump. When things are back to normal, throw your dump in the garbage. Im so sorry you guys are going thru this."
175989058,"It can cause physical anxiety but it's a very mild stimulant. It gave me anxiety but I wasn't doing well at the time. As long as you're mentally strong and stable, it can be a really good antidepressant. Some desperate people inject it to get high and it eats the flesh in their arms because it's caustic.. So there's that.. (But it's not caustic when taken orally because the stomach can tolerate it - So don't worry). But mixing it with coffee might be the problem. The Wellbutrin shouldn't give anxiety on it's own - But can synergies with the caffeine to cause more anxiety than caffeine alone. On it's own, it should help keep you awake, focused and increase your mood once you're not withdrawing from caffeine. Wellbutrin is good but I like Dexedrine. I'm on a low-moderate dose of it - It's just that higher doses significantly increase my focus but I should be happy with the dose that I have..."
175989059,Finished the first day early cuz technical problems
175989060,The Christmas Holiday depression has hit me like bricks today. I was doing okay but now not so much.
175989061,I ordered the game guide to Animal Crossing: New Horizons. I had a guide for Animal Crossing: Wild World and it was very useful for keeping track of what you have in the game so I think this one will be too. And a few more Kindle books
175989062,"today in group we talked about people with bipolar (or sza bipolar) and how sleep is so important. Of course, on the day we discuss that I can not find it in me to sleep"
174387073,"I only tell the closest people to me, immediate family and two other friends. Nobody else knows. If someone asks, I just say bipolar because my dx is schizoaffective bipolar type and I get worried saying Schizo anything will scare people, or I just say mental health issues"
175989063,"I can't believe how stupid I am to not see this long ago. I mean, I made adjustments to not go to my hometown any longer, but there was still confusion regarding my circumstance, so I fell into psychosis again. There are still a few things I don't understand but screw it, I know enough not to worry about the details. Now I need to work on how to go from here. That I don't know what to do. My therapist was wiser about my situation, and I think my psychiatrist told him what was actually going on, which I'm glad she did, even if I didn't. I don't think I can do anything else about my situation though. I am struck with fear regarding my situation. I am not comfortable with the truth."
174387100,"I'm sorry. Just know there are always alternatives. I've been on different meds before. Also I know how frustrating it can be not to be on the right combination of meds. But there are also a ton of things I like to do that are behavioral, like exercise, for me, is really good for my anxiety for example."
175989064,Thank you so much
175989065,Appointment went well
175989066,Don't ever give up..
175989067,I kinda give up on everything for awhile.
175989068,Kava tea and some overpriced vitamins.
175989069,"I just talked to her, and zyorexa is what she prescribed. However, now I'm hesitant after seeing the common side effects off this drug. =("
175989070,I’ve actually done the same all day.. if you need to talk I’m here.
175989071,"I hear you. That said, you do a lot more than I do..."
175989072,Working through my DBT Skills for Bulimia Workbook
175989073,"I shared a little on this site. It’s helpful, but nighttime is the worst for me. It’s hard not to wish or pray that it would end. I do alright during the day. I’m trying to keep positive and use coping skills. I wish the pain would stop."
175989074,"I'm med resistant, I know. Other than that, I'm not sure. I just keep getting suicidal and psychotic. I attempted su a few weeks ago and that was one of the stays. The pdoc at the hospital thinks they let me go too soon. I was only there for 5 days that stay. This time I was there 9 days. I am going back to PHP again though. I'm really hoping to make it through the program and step down to IOP without incident. Last time I stepped down to IOP, I ended up back in PHP within a week pretty much because I was still feeling su. I don't want that to happen again. I want to be able to finish."
175989075,"I have worst case scenario thoughts. I try to put up a mental stop sign or try to think of something else. If that doesn't work I usually take a Xanax. Which helps some. But out of nowhere the thoughts come. I hate it. Don't be hard on yourself. Try the mental stop sign, it helps. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989076,Thank you all for your feedback.Going through a rough time right now .Up and down.
175989077,"I never knew how stressful it was going to be until I woke up and had trouble breathing, all this congestion was stuck in my lungs and I couldn’t cough it up because of the pain from the operation so I felt like I was suffocating. it was very frightening and I was pretty convinced I was not going to be able to get through it but I guess I can be somewhat thankful for the tools I’ve learned from dealing with anxiety the last few years helped me cope with some of it."
175989078,Glad you're okay SK !
175989079,"Wow, i had no idea that I'm not the only one going through this exact situation. I've dealt with this a few months ago, but after a few days i was able to sleep normally again. The lightheadedness still persisted throughout the day though, some days more than others. These past 4 nights i have been unable to sleep as i'll feel my whole body pounding and get lightheaded then my heart will begin racing like crazy once i am about to fall into a deep sleep. I've already talked to my doctor about this, and i've also had to go to the ER once because i got a bad panic attack that was caused by it. I was told that what i was feeling was caused by nothing else other than dehydration and anxiety. They said my heart was fine but my blood pressure was kind of on the higher side, it's likely due to the white coat effect though, as it tends to be more on the normal side when i regularly check it at home. I've been dealing with these lightheaded feelings for about 7 months now and i just want to go back to normal
"
175989080,I hear that. I am the same way right now. I can't get going on hw for other reasons. I feel like I'm plenty motivated... Just my mood hasn't been great lately.
175989081,"Need to start taking Zantac again, the silent gerd is acting up a lot recently"
175989082,I might buy myself an iced coffee tomorrow possibly
175989083,"I've been having some depression the past week or so, but these past few days I've been having thought broadcasting and believing my mind is being read pretty bad. I'm aware it's a delusion (most of the time) but it's still really uncomfortable."
175989084,"Just browsing the internet and trying to relax after a long day. Trying not to worry about pharmacy stuff. I'm really obsessive with my anxiety, it's annoying."
175989085,"I just talked to my sister in law that lives in downtown Chicago. I hear things are rough there, please stay safe. Prayers for _NAME_ and his family."
175989086,Are any of the Voices you hear and by voices I mean thoughts sound like children?
175989087,"That’s what I mean, if it were like a two hour day you’d end up getting half the pay next week....."
175989088,I can't wait for fall
175989089,Chicken pesto sandwich and _USER_ID_ from a local coffee shop
175989090,"I can't explain how much better I am on the olanzepine. It's definitely not a placebo. There's real; 2-methyl-4-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)-10H-thieno[2,3-b] [1,5]benzodiazepine in that pill.."
174387141,Does anyone know of any good websites that say how to talk to someone about having schizoaffective disorder? I just call it bipolar Plus then I explain bipolar and my other symptoms.
175989091,"Just took 3mg of klonopin, 3x my normal dose hoping I'll feel something and it'll put me to sleep. I'm just so resistant to the ****ing drug, I need to switch."
175989092,I feel so dissociated right now
175989093,"_PERSON_ Cat said... TP, I do echo the above advice that if you (and your friend should to the same) continue to have these thoughts, that you do make your doctor/mental health professional know. This is just safe and due diligence so that neither of you gets into a more serious situation. That said, it does sound like what *you* describe (I can't say about your friend) could likely be part of an acute anxiety/OCD thought process. Your thoughts become intrusive with fear and dread of being trapped in the panic moment. It feels like you can't escape it and therefore the mind goes places... This doesn't mean you will act on it, but of course it is scary and lets you know just how challenging your anxiety is ATM. If you are not already going to therapy sessions at this time, it would be worth looking into this possibility to help you get to where you need your management to be. We are here for you...keep posting and we'll keep up the support! S.C. Thank you so much. I had a really good 7-8 days, but g
ot really down last night. When I get sad it causes anxiety and this thought again of being hopeless. Usually does not last long unless I obsess about it. I get this irrational thought that my anxiety can control my choices, but I know that’s not true. Still makes the anxiety worse though. Any quick techniques you guys use to get yourself through these rough moments? Don’t want to feel or think this way!"
175989094,Black decaf coffee and a protein bar
175989095,"I’m waiting on a call to get scheduled for the second dose, I hope they don’t forget about me. It’s supposed to be next week"
175989096,Makes sense My mind gets distracted tho if I’m not doing something with my hands
175989097,I played the Sims 4 Cats and Dogs on my Xbox for an hour and a half today. I adopted a cat and named it _PERSON_ after a cat I had in real life.
175989098,"Vape wild have gone out of business. So I had to ask my friend order from MBV. Coils and juice. I had three new packs of coils but they were stolen. I wonder how much they get on the open market. So I ordered two more packs of coils and juice. I'm out of almost everything from VapeWild. Except the small 10ml they sent like 3 of on every order. They have given 30ml of juice free on every order!!!!! Maybe that's why they're out of business. But the little bottles contain anywhere from 6 to 0 mg of nicotine. Intended mainly for ppl whose tanks go through a 10ml fast, I think. Sub ohm. Anyway, my friend opened it accidentally yesterday and hopefully will have sent it on to me. I'm worrying about additional theft. I want my vape juice very badly. The cigarette fantasies brought back the bitter smell of smoke and ash trays. So I want my vapes more. I'm so sick of lockdown. I want to go home."
175989099,I ordered flowers for my fired coworker. She received them and sent me a text picture of them....but I am bummed they don't look like the picture on the website where I ordered them from. She likes them. She thinks they are gorgeous and that is what matters since it is about her. But for $100 I want it to look like the picture dang it!
175989100,It's fun decorating a new place
175989101,I'm tired now. I couldn't sleep last night despite taking Xanax and Lunesta (which my Pdoc said I could mix). So now I'm exhausted. Only like an hour and 10 minutes or so left of work. But I have Pastor T tonight so I can't just go lay on the bed when I get off of work. So wish I could just close my eyes and get a few zzzz's.
175989102,Nice day here too. A bit cloudy. I'm going for a 2 hour hike! I have a musician in my house. She was singing and playing guitar all night and everyone was drunk. My moms friend with bipolar thought that everyone was against her and wanted to go out gambling but we didn't let her. She had a seizure and then went home. That's usually what happens. Everything is fine until she goes crazy then we all take care of her and makes sure she goes home lol
175989103,Idk when they are coming. I don’t think I should put my pets in the car tho. It’s below freezing here.
175989104,70 is my temperature. 72 makes my veins big.
174387167,"yeah...its a long, complicated story. the official label i think is Schizoaffective, but...Schizophrenia. Nothing against Schizoaffective, but...I think I'm just prone to severe depression, with the Schizophrenia. I had a manic episode way back when, but even there...so much psychosis involved, not a normal manic episode, either."
175989105,Waiting on my editor to tell me what's up on my short story. He said he'd get back to me today but he hasn't. I'm really excited to share this. I hope his services aren't too expensive though. I hope he is able to finish it by Friday...
175989106,"She's an alcoholic. I'm gonna talk to her today as well that she can't make sexual comments in front of me anymore because it's inappropriate and makes me feel uncomfortable and that's why I always leave or get annoyed and then she's like ""What's wrong? Did you take your meds? Are you taking something that you shouldn't"" - She's the problem but she gaslights me and is a completely different person when she's drunk. But she does it to cope with stress of work and the fact that my life right now is just purgatory. I can't watch movies, read, I'm just stuck and we're gonna move anyways. I don't want to go to Mexico with her because she has friends there and she'll act like a drunk idiot. She's really in the deep end, completely out of control. My dad phoned me today and asked me how everything is but I was sleeping - Cuz the Invega is really really sedating this time - Something wrong with this injection but idk I'm writing OK but I've been sleeping for 2 days. It's ok.."
175989107,True story. When I saw this place in person I wanted to run for the hills. But it was all we could afford.
175989108,"Thanks! I know, there were a lot of negative reviews on Amazon about the book. But one of them talked about how it was Anti-Christian so IDK. That is the one that kind of stopped me. I'm kind of wary of it now, but let me know when you finish it if you think it's good."
175989109,It's one of my top coping skills too. I always feel better after a walk
175989110,These are the top 10 I want to get Pokemon Sword/Shield _NAME_ Breath of the Wild Animal Crossing: New Horizons Skyrim Dragon Quest Builders 2 Rune Factory 5 Resident Evil 2 My Time at _NAME_ Truberbrook Assassins _NAME_ III
175989111,How is mental illness perceived in Argentina? Like here they are required to make accommodations....
175989112,"Hi There, in short your the same as me! I will post a few useful links below, take care. Targeted Individual talks about the UK gangstalking network. - YouTube The Byrds - Nothing was delivered. - YouTube"
175989113,1 and a half hours for me.
175989114,Ugh videos of my ex just popped up on my Snapchat memories. Yikes!
175989115,"The _USER_ID_ against mental illness in America isn't as bad as it used to be, in my opinion (although it's still around, unfortunately). However, some people in my family don't think I should tell others that I have mental illness. They think it's too personal. But I disagree. I'm proud of the fact that I've been getting help for it for a long time! I'm proud that I've done my best to help myself since getting treatment. And I'm proud that I've made a great deal of progress in fighting my mental health issues. I'm not ashamed that I have mental illness at all! I don't go around telling everyone who knows me in the town that I live in that I have mental illness. However, I don't go way out of my way to keep it a big secret either. Why should I?Post Edited (_PERSON_) : 4/22/2020 4:38:06 PM (GMT-6)"
175989116,"My anxiety is like non existent. I can't even trigger it if I wanted to. I was thinking earlier I wonder what's wrong with me, I can't feel anxiety all the time anymore. Haha. That's sad. I'm so used to being an anxious wreck 24/7 that I think there's something wrong with me if I'm not feeling that way"
175989117,How'd it go?
175989118,I wrote down a list of roughly what I do and then pick a couple things from that sheet of paper that you are to do today. I usually don't follow through though =p
175989119,"A pretty good week for me. Some minor incidents of anxiety, but manageable."
175989120,"Hi Everyone and _PERSON_, It was one week ago today that I had surgery. I had radioactive seeds implanted for cancer of the prostate. I woke from surgery which took maybe three hours with the inability to empty my bladder. I have had surgeries in the past and all have caused me this same problem. This time I was a bit luckier in that I did not require a catheter. It is a horrible feeling to not be able to pee when you have to. It is also very painful. Each day I feel a bit better. I still have pain in my bladder and prostate pain but was told it would get better with time. Having cancer is not fun and I am absolutely sorry for anyone having to go through anything similar. There are many treatments for the type of cancer I have and it will be quite a while before I know if my treatment is complete. I may have many more different treatments to go through. God bless us all and thank you for caring."
175989121,On lunch and have no one to talk to. My mom had to have her eyes lasered yesterday so she’s resting. Boooorrrreeeddd. And a little hungry. I ate fries. Yummy. Wish I could just go buy more alcohol and party.
175989122,Whispers....library..... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175989123,I am back from a long day of the _NAME_ zoo.
175989124,Why?????????
175989125,Did my shopping. Got some pumpkin shaped _NAME_ too. I still need to do the rest of my grocery shopping but tomorrow it's gonna rain all day so I'll go Wednesday
175989126,"Hi, Could I ask how they know what you look like and how would they know if you don't make any facial expressions when in the privacy of your own home, could your webcam be hacked or something like that. Hope all is better,"
175989127,I just told him about it...he says super cool. Would love to meet you all VR.
175989128,Is it just me or does it seem like we've all been supporting each other really well during these tough times? I just got this feeling lately like we're all going through challenges but are managing our stuff. It's a good feeling.
175989129,"Living with bipolar disorder can feel overwhelming. Maybe you’re tired of the ups and downs of different episodes—the soaring energy, the debilitating fatigue, the racing I-need-to-do-everything-and-I-need-to-do-it-now thoughts, and the dark, decelerated, bleak thoughts. Maybe you’re exhausted from struggling with an especially stubborn and deep depression , which makes it tough to concentrate on anything, and feels like you’re walking through a river of waist-high molasses in a fog . Managing bipolar disorder can feel overwhelming, too. What can make it much easier is getting effective treatment. Bipolar disorder is highly treatable—but a lot of people with the illness don’t get professional help. https://psychcentral.com/blog/small-things-i-do-every-day-to-manage-my-bipolar-disorder/"
175989130,Well I hope You get to feeling better or something. Depression is something that I wish on no one (besides maybe seriously bad people like murder era and ****)
175989131,To me that's so sad tho. Like dont other people care? Like idk man.
175989132,"Hi WastingAsparagus, Thanks for you reply. I saw my psychiatrist last week and he upped my dosage of Seroquel. Haven't reached a therapeutic level yet. Approaching today with as positive an attitude as I can muster."
175989133,Fck man. My cat isnt eating again.
175989134,Profound thought: You don't have karma. You are karma.
175989135,"I don’t have much to add either, all of the above advice spot on! Find a good doc, work on breathing techniques and low stress things that you can focus on when you feel the panic building. Art, calming music and reading have been my go to tools, as well as reaching out to a friend to distract me. Sending my support your way!"
175989136,"'pre-coocupied' = das' a good one, coming from someone with an ornithological bent! So I checked out 'Ode to a Nightingale', and do indeed see the appeal. It's unusual for poetry to grab me immediately, but the greats are considered so for very real reasons. Thank you! ... were you able to determine the type of bird? ""Man doth usurp all space, Stares thee in rock, bush, river, in the face. Never yet thine eyes behold a tree; ’Tis no sea thou seest in the sea, ’Tis but a disguised humanity. To avoid thy fellow, vain thy plan; All that interests a man is man. "" ~ _NAME_ I don't require physical presence, having immaturely and selfishly lived almost ad nauseam through the (wonderful, addicting) sexual frenzy of a new mutual 'love'-relationship, only to experience the pain of seeing nearly all of them lead to desensitization, boredom, and aggravation. As I've said before, the benefits of a relationship lie in the warmth and resonance of the times apart. Personally, I absolutely require a dependab
le response when I howl into the canyon. The response may take days, weeks, even years (depending on the person), but in order to feel deeply fulfilled, I must feel that another psyche has somehow accepted and can answer me. And I have. These few loosely-held--EXTREMELY LOOSELY--relationships electrify and give meaning to my 'solitude' not unlike the space between God's and _NAME_'s fingertips in the Sistine Chapel. A tremendous boost undiminished by contact, by over-staying, by over-familiarity. and so it is (boring) . Even when one's healthy partner is intellectually compatible and spiritually ahead. And yet, amazingly , I have found in just such a companion a font of something which I of all Evil, miserable, hateful, rage-filled, vampiric, fvcked-up, etc., people never suspected existed --a living, bottomless paradigm of warmth, a human ideal daily contact with whom ""through soft degrees"" (_NAME_ ) continues to teach me how to expand the notion of ""self"". That selfLESSness and flexibility (both FAR fro
m my nature) number not only among the worthiest goals, but oddly the most beneficial to the ""self"". I have learned that the bulk of my virtually congenital self-protective knee-jerk reactions are precisely the things preventing me from intellectual and spiritual development, from enjoying life, from coming to peace with life. Mind you, my visceral awareness of this crumbles in the face of stressers (e.g. bureaucracy), but I do stand a fighting chance eating almost ketogenically, exercising, getting 8+ hours of deep sleep. I owe my LIFE, mental health, and the fact that I am not homeless largely to my selfless partner. You really don't need to know the life of hangovers, shlt, pain, constant conflict, inevitable self-sabotage, depression, dead eyes, persecution by 'normies', humiliation, mockery, etc. from which my husband rescued and continues to rescue me. I cannot cast a stone at ANYone (except maybe politicians, lawyers, state and federal employees, incompetent healthcare professionals, etc.). Although 
I don't smoke, I adore smokers. One thing for sure is they're courageous and NOT self-righteous. Here's to Solidarity with Smokers!!! To alleviate the occasionally infernal boredom, I have my 'schizoid on the side', who, for slightly over a year, has put a spring in my step. He is not interested in sex and never wants to meet, which allows me an intellectual, etc., outlet which does not violate the few (yet absolute) entirely reasonable requirements of my life-saving/life-giving, warm and cozy real-life home life. The following was an epiphany , and not the first provided by _NAME_. I'm in the process of reviewing my youthful disdain for him (I thought he used and discarded people, which I have habitually; we can only hate versions of ourselves): https://i.imgur.com/JU5pxLd.jpg ""And this our life, exempt from public haunt, Finds tongues in trees, books in the running _NAME_, Sermons in stones, and good in everything. I would not change it."" ~ _PERSON_, As You Like It , Act II, Scene 1, The Forest of Arden M
aybe take a break. Space is vital, but never say never. Don't mean to presume more than I already have, but I sense that you yourself realize that the right place is where you are now. Moving only allows us to see (however briefly) afresh. Regardless of where you move, it will (at least, this has been my experience) eventually suffocate and bore. As an artist, you know , ""Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder."". Because human contact, most of all, inspires change (regardless of our awareness of it). And change, however subtle and slow, is growth--the opposite of stagnation, of ossification. Growth is not only life, but Wonder. And Wonder is the God of All Gods (at least for me) who allows the artist to perceive beauty any and every where ."
175989137,"My friend is off the wagon again. I think he's hitting rock bottom, if this isn't rock bottom then I don't know what is. I talked to his wife for an hour and it's devastating. I'm sitting here with my cat. She's not eating as much as she use to. She's barely touching even the wet food. Maybe she doesn't want to live anymore"
175989138,"Yeah I can only talk to myself about drugs so much lol jkjk, people talk"
175989139,I don’t feel good physically.
175989140,The meds are not poison they help stop the voices....
175989141,I think im gonna take this day to read. I need to finish _PERSON_ book plus start on others.
175989142,You could make a baked spaghetti? It’s doesn't require ricotta and is much easier.....
175989143,"There’s no way INFPs are stupid, they have Te inferior. And Te aspirational if they’re in their subconscious. Means they’re very rational. Also with _PERSON_ Child, they have fantastic memories. They’re a walking library. Most INFPs I know are amazing philosophers. My husband is one of them. Their Se trickster looks cute to me though, haha. I imagine them as a Jigglypuff with a machine gun. Cute but deathly That’s what I know about them."
175989144,Thanks........
175989145,Oh no. None in my county. Knock on wood but there’s a lot in this state and a lot in the county below me Be safe.
175989146,"Just getting going. Slept okay. Work dreams. Always, always work dreams. Got nothing achieved yesterday. Not one thing. Maybe I can do something today. I hope. Hugs to everyone."
175989147,"Yes, it's good that you have some thoughts that can help. I'm sorry I didn't reply sooner, I'm getting mesmerized by the podcasts I keep downloading because my internet is so slow."
175989148,"Yeah, I didn't think it would hit me so hard. The guy i work with smokes it like twice a day. It was one of those pens. It felt great, but I had a permagrin, and time slowed down, like i felt every minute, which is not cool, the day dragged on and on. Man, maybe when its in those pens the oil is stronger, because I've smoked with my roommate and it did was way weaker. That was just a one time thing i did yesterday. I don't want to do it again."
175989149,I was up all night too. I felt nauseous and weird half the night so I was up playing animal crossing to take my mind off it
175989150,Thank you very much. I'm feeling better now even though i still feel sick and my limbs are shaking but at least i am eating and watching animal videos which i didn't for ages. Thank you again for your support
175989151,"Of course getting away from medications and stress would be best (blah blah) and at our age maybe it may be the first time it's possible. I used to relay on clon, especially to sleep. Remember not to mix it with alcohol because safe quantities of each can be deadly together. It was hard to wean from. Best of luck~ More On Anxiety Panic Disorders 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet"
175989152,Yes I have a friend who has a mental problem and she needs her throw off where do I go to get them
175989153,Happy bday!
175989154,"Got some succulent planters in different, bright colors. On amazon. Should be here within the next week."
175989155,God is very creative
175989156,"Who am I kidding? I'm not getting any more work done today with this migraine! I'll respond to any new emails if someone sends me one, but otherwise, I'm done for now. I have 40 minutes left until I am off of work. But since I worked ""off the clock"" last night and through my lunch (probably what gave me the migraine), I don't feel bad about mentally checking out for the day. So done."
174387224,"I'm doing okay. I'm at work. Just chilling mostly. Worried about my cat, _NAME_, who hasn't been eating much in the past couple of days. Taking her to the vet on Wednesday."
175989157,I feel sleep
175989158,"I hate being on so many meds, so much to keep track of."
175989159,Ha so did I!
175989160,"I subscribed back to your Pinterest BB, you got some nice boards ??"
175989161,I’ve been hypo and bought like a whole bunch of stuff to make my own computer and then I never made the computer. 5k worth of computer items. I ended buying a 1k computer like 6 months later that was store built.
175989162,Pretty much the same. Though I’ve gone out in temps colder than that because I don’t have a car and have to walk everywhere or take the bus. Yesterday I didn’t go out because it was hailing and snowing. But for walking leisurely I like anywhere from 30 to 60 degrees. Anything more than that is too hot lol it’s in the 30s today Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175989163,"Hi _NAME_, have you tried physical exercises and meditation? The reason I say this is because, due to extreme stress, I had nerve compression, and possibly vascular compression, that I was able to alleviate with exercises ... Thoracic Outlet Syndrome Stretches & Exercises - Ask Doctor _NAME_ - YouTube ... This kind of thing. This affect my sinuses (lots of popping) and blood flow to my head/brain. I don't think mine was a bad case, and I guess this kind of thing is really quite common. Also, as for meditation. I reckon we could all be tuned into loads of things at once, and I'm not saying that what you are suffering is a focus issue (not at all), but just that there could possibly be a way for you to focus in and out of different things possibly, by exercising focus, maybe"
175989164,"Maybe it’s not worth going off it. I mean being 155 lbs isn’t that bad. I guess why mess with something if it works , right."
175989165,Oh man a tornado warning just happened very near by.....
175989166,Which Muscle Relaxants Are Best for Neck and Back Pain? 1) Methocarbamol. 2) Cyclobenzaprine. 3) Carisoprodol. 4) Metaxalone. 5) Tizanidine. 6) Baclofen. 7) Oxazepam and diazepam. Baclofen (?-(4-chlorophenyl)-GABA) Phenibut ?-phenyl-GABA Interestings
175989167,"I agree that communication is the key. Depression is invisible so people will respond to you by your words, and actions ect. If you act fine, they don't know. There are times when I feel depression slipping in and I hide it. Not long after it starts my fiance will notice that ""I'm not myself"" and ask me if I am ok. When he asks, I tell him no and explain my feelings to him."
175989168,So how can I as a spouse of someone with PTSD cope with certain behaviors or things I say that _PERSON_ my wife. Its hard to say something in an innocent way but for it to be taken the wrong way . Its extremely draining on having to watch everything I say and do as it seems it is always taken the wrong way. I am trying my best but need some advice on how to cope. Please help.
175989169,The noti's say theres a post and theres not?
175989170,"Thanks _NAME_, reading has been helping me distract myself How are you?"
175989171,Spaghetti-Os with meatbealls
175989172,"Had another roll. Made brown rice, probably have some tomorrow, I just wanted to get it cooked since it takes 50 minutes and most of the time I don't feel like making anything"
175989173,All but my evening supplements.
175989174,I want to get Into painting again.
175989175,"Grooming is when a narcissist goes on a publicity campaign to promote themselves as a lovely person, rational, fair and charming. They will work hard at trying to get the trust of professionals, usually concerned with family courts where alimony, property and custody of children are involved. They will also groom doctors, nurses, mental health professionals, social workers and anyone else who they consider useful to have on their side. Grooming is always emotional abuse, always dishonest and always intentional. The reason that they do this is so that the professionals who have contact with the victim will doubt or disbelieve in the authenticity of what the victim tells them. In a setting where the abuser and the victim appear together, the abuser will seem cool, calm and collected. They will lie with absolute confidence and will have their story very well-rehearsed. If they do not like a question, they will just pretend to have misunderstood or merely change the subject. They victim on the other ha
nd will have been abused, probably over a long period of time and will be emotionally and probably physically worn out. They will have been gas lighted to an extent where they might question their own reality and the narcissist will use this to their advantage and can manipulate in a very subtle way that can easily go undetected. The victim will have been trained that “I might not punish you now for saying something negative about me, but I will punish you later”. They can convey messages like that one in a fleeting glance, the slightest twitch in their face or by briefly clenching their fist. Because this threat has been looming over the victims for a period of time they may appear to be incoherent, inconsistent and even openly lying. The narcissist will throw their net as wide as possible so that the victim will find it almost impossible to get support and any allegations that they might make will be not taken seriously, not investigated thoroughly or simply ignored. So, teachers, therapists, police, pe
ople in sports clubs, churches and charities will all be included. They do this to maintain their desire to have a glowing image, but also because if the victim cannot get support anywhere they are much easier to continue to abuse. In addition, the narcissist sees this as a game and the more people that they can hoodwink or woo the bigger sense of personal “achievement” they have. This type of institutional grooming increases the damage done to the victims because they have nowhere to turn. Hence, they lose trust in their would-be support system and this further isolates them which means that the abuse can continue for longer. They also lose trust in themselves. The main core of the emotional abuse will be done when there is no one else around. So it is the victim’s word against the abusers. When the victim is exhausted, worn down and confused (abuse always creates confusion), the confident calm abuser might easily look like s/he is the one who is telling the truth. A narcissist will deny, lie and _USER
_ID_ the truth so artfully and confidently that the victim can often be numbed into silence. They may have blocked out what was said to them on some level and be tone deaf to abuse because it happens so often and can be done in quite a subtle with some of their worst abuse buried in false concern, “I am really worried about you, you really over react to everything. That cannot be good for your health, I think you need professional help”. The reality is that we all want to think that our partners or family members have our best interests at heart and it is very painful to realise that they don’t, so we can often interpret their false concern as sincere even if their words contradict their actions and body language. In a family context one parent can go to considerable lengths to discredit the non-abusive parent. This type of grooming is always traumatic for the victim with long term consequences for both the abused parent and the child(ren). It can also come in the form of physical abuse, sexual abuse, d
rive the victim to commit suicide or a narcissist can murder their victim (it is not common, but it certainly is not unheard of). To the narcissist other people (including their own children) are just there for their game playing and “enjoyment”, so they do not care about the emotional or physical consequences of their actions and it is very difficult to prove in a court of law since more often than not it is one person’s word against another, courts demand “beyond reasonable doubt” and narcissists are such good actors, it can be very difficult to prove that they did anything wrong. An added complication is that the abuser can accuse the victim of parental alienation, of turning their children against them. This is a situation that does genuinely happen where usually a mother will play the victim and complain that she and her children are terrified of the husband, cry and wail about the injustice of it all, when in fact she is the abusive one. It often boils down to who can put on the best “perfor
mance” in front of the professionals."
175989176,Just finished talking with my doctor. I told him that I can’t stand this anymore and basically begged him to do something else because the abilify isn’t helping. So he’s starting me on a low dose of lithium until I can see the psychiatrist. Thank god. I’m getting so tired and feeling this way. Hopefully this will help a lot.
175989177,I have only my evening supplements to take now. Onward & upward.
175989178,I had trouble leaving the house too. I guess there's nothing that really helped me that much. I went walking outside today though. I felt like getting some sunlight helps my mood a fair amount so I try to do it a lot.
175989179,_PERSON_ keeps cutting off pieces off his beard and hair thinking it’s uneven. He’s gonna mess it up.
175989180,Going to research investing. Idk when. Need to look over self improvement notes. I am not mental rn. I now take not being mental for granted.
175989181,I saw a huge fireworks show on pioneer woman in Oklahoma....still I grew up with some of the nice fireworks because the laws weren’t as strict.....
175989182,"I purchased the most expensive item in the accessory shop on Pokemon Lets Go _USER_ID_, have been saving up Pokedollars for awhile for it, the crown lol Attached Images crown.jpg (132.7 KB, 9 views) crown2.jpg (129.9 KB, 11 views)"
175989183,"Thanks, that's exactly what I wanted to know. I've always been interested in the google glass. They're lightweight glasses with a tiny camera that people use to record their life. I thought maybe one day I could wear one of those and replay it to see how often I hallucinate. Just a thought. For me it's a terrifying thought that some experiences I have could be fake."
175989184,Hey kit
175989185,Looking for some advice or encouragement from anyone who has lost weight due to their anxiety/depression. I am starting to panic due to my weight loss and it just adds to my already high anxiety. I hate how my body looks and I have stopped weighing myself because it just makes my anxiety worse. I can pretty much tell because of how my clothes fit that I have definitely l lost more weight.
175989186,"Hi! Are you in contact with your Humira nurse ambassador? They are great for questions like this! Also, Humira makes travel cases that you can get for free, I take Humira and have traveled before with one pen using the Humira supplied travel case. I take it with me in my carry on luggage. The recommendation is to keep the pens in the box(es) that they come in as that has the RX information on it. If you're feeling extra anxious you can always ask your doctor for a letter explaining medical necessity for the medication but I've always been told that's not needed for US travel. Your Humira Ambassador should be a great resource. Also the TSA site has lots of info on traveling with medication. I know it's super scary to do it the first time but people do travel with injections/pens quite a bit. Also, one problem I encountered while traveling was how to get rid of the pens after I used them! My Humira Ambassador told me that most hotels and airports have sharps containers. Hope that helps! Feel free to 
ask me any questions about this. Best, _NAME_"
175989187,That person took a real jab at my self esteem when I have high self esteem in the first place. So I'll recover easily but wow. None of what he said was true.
175989188,It’s banana bread pudding let me see if I can find the recipe on the web....we just used a 8x8 instead of ramekins though....everything else is fine the way it’s printed.
175989189,"I'm having a quarter-life crisis. I want to just go somewhere. To travel somewhere. My dad is ignoring me. He's already dealing his own ****. Everyone seems to be dealing with their own ****. I want to just be ok, happy or sad, to feel something. I don't know if I'm actually feeling anything - or if I'm anhedonic and a small bit of light is shining through the window. I feel so great but with guilt and confusion. I feel so sad as well. I'm really happy and really sad. The blessing and curse thing that is life. Idk if it's mental illness but the chemicals seem to help.. I want to do a martial arts class. That's what I would love to do for a living, or make music. I can't do analytical research or math/physics anymore idk. I'm just not patient enough. I'll get on that meditating soon but I'm gonna go get a haircut right now. God damn.. I'm ****_NAME_ up."
174387247,"I've thought of many ways to resolve my food budget. I've even considered fasting, renting out my room, and visiting food charities. I can't quite fast because my mom has physically demanding expectations for me. She also harasses me and threatens to evict me when I don't do the physically demanding tasks efficiently. My mom is getting old, and thus probably needs a caregiver or the like. When she gets old enough, I might have more authority and freedom; but she's not that old yet. In fact, she's still working. I can't rent out my room. My mom wouldn't allow that. she's very discriminant with who comes into the house. I can't get certain jobs because of my mom's discrimination. she threatened to evict me if I worked in the sanitation industry. She also doesn't want me working for the city. but men, especially in my demographic, are greatly employed in sanitation and other maintenance work. So I feel that many efforts to resolve my food budget have been incomplete due to my mom. Though I will note t
hat I do pay a very low monthly rent because of my mom. and that living with my mom somewhat ensures a lifetime shelter insurance: some people and communities somewhat expect her to be responsible for me, probably even because she gave birth to me. So there is some benefit for living with my mom, but then there are expenses as well. Then again, I don't really have a choice to not live with mom, as the city is quite populated or underserved to the point where it will likely just convince or even pay my mom to house me. I doubt I can get food from local food pantries and kitchens. I feel those facilities prioritize women, children, and the elderly. they might not have any food for a single young man like me. Moreover, I feel that my mom has a great influence on my food budget and thus I should appropriately try to resolve my food budget through her resources rather than external resources. One method is that I can start revolving my diet more around her food. She offers me food sometimes, though it's not nutrie
nt-dense nor daily. Out of a 3.25$ daily food budget, I can allot 1.50$ from her food resources and 1.75$ from my own resources. I can design some measures to ensure this ratio. For instance, I can spend less money on food whenever mom offers me food. I can probably not spend any money on food for an entire day when mom offers me food on that day. The bad part of this method is that she might not offer me food for many days. And the food that she offers is not healthy, so I'd have to make sure that I buy nutrient-dense foods with my own resources. Another method would be for me to re-apply for government food benefits. When applying, I can request to receive about one-third of the amount that a normal person receives. this is because I've adapted my diet and food budget to small but healthy resources. But I can't quite execute this method for another 45 days or so. And even then, the government might not have any food resources for me. This plan might also require me to get some paperwork from mom. If she doe
sn't help me secure the paperwork, I can reasonably pay less rent to compensate. Regardless of whatever method, I have to make sure I use my calories wisely. I have to reasonably minimize my needs and maximize my resources. I might experiment and see if I can lower my daily calorie amount. I might stop exercising, to conserve calories. I might stop engaging in poetry, to conserve calories. I won't stop planning employment and financial independence though: I will try to get a job, though it's unlikely I'll secure one. I might require myself to sleep more, if it helps to conserve calories: I've heard that poor sleep hygiene is associated with weight gain."
175989190,Thank you. Same with kitten. Theres nothing wrong with sassy. Shes just getting a senior cat wellness checkup.
175989191,I think I'm hypomanic. I've been packing for 5 hours straight.
175989192,I would LOVE to have you
175989193,Going skiing tomorrow.. Hopefully if the ski hill doesn't close.
175989194,Just realized how much I've gained over the past three months. I have to stop the APs. I can't keep gaining and get back to the weight I was on Invega that was horrible. When I was off APs for awhile I dropped 100lbs easily.
175989195,"I’ve got a real camera that I take most places so I don’t really need the flagship model just for the camera, overall I’m actually really happy. It’s got the home button which I’m used to using and comes with wired headphones.....I hate spending too much money on a phone anyway. It still takes flower close ups , it just doesn’t blur the background so they look less pro. Given how short lived phones are id rather have the camera than the high end phone, because you’ll just trash the phone in three years. Now if they made them more serviceable and kept supporting the software I might be in."
175989196,I have an appointment tomorrow. It's too late to contact her now.
175989197,Playing BitLife on my phone. Haven't played in a long time. It's so funny
175989198,Today?......
175989199,_NAME_ is in Spanish prison and did crypto scamming pump and dumps
175989200,We got some more things eased yesterday. The red bullet is getting out n about. Keep ?. Crazy....no other way for us....well there is but many people are gullible and many are brainwashed. HT
175989201,So I’m kinda weird...I like using Bristol because you can see the brush strokes it’s usually vellum or smooth. It’s not really appropriate for heavy washes though......
175989202,????
175989203,Just had a caramel apple lollipop.
175989204,Sorry you are missing your cats _AT_MENTION_! That's so tough! HUGS Kit
175989205,Sooo I’m gonna be 30 this year. In like a few months or so (it’s pretty much April at this point So I’m counting as if it is already). Then 31 in a year from now. I need to up the ante on my debt. I don’t want to but I may have to use my whole tax return for paying off debt. Idk. I’m struck on that. _PERSON_ idk if I’ll need it or if I need to just go ahead and use it. Idk idk idk. I talked with fiancé last night. He said would I want to have a kid in an apt or house. I do prefer house. But anywhere is fine as long as it’s a safe area. Our whole goal is to pay off our debt and get a house. Paying off our debt will reduce the quantity of our bills and reduce the total amount we paying for our bills a month.
175989206,Would it be first floor again? I’ve never lived in anything but a single family. I’ve always worried about being 1st floor because of break-ins but the other floors must be loud. No?
175989207,Im in the almost similar ship im open to talking
175989208,"I’m going to stop drinking hard alcohol. I just finished my rum off. I got some gin, baileys, tequila, and peach schnapps left but I’m not going to buy more once they’re out."
175989209,Ice cream and a chicken _NAME_ salad
175989210,"Luckily _NAME_ knows about cars. He knows everything stereotypical of man but his only hobby is gaming and he just works to make money. Don’t understand that. Most people have a singular hobby and that’s it. Like that’s all. I don’t understand myself. I’m so good at so much but I don’t have a degree yet. I can learn anything on my own seems like but formal education to me, is redundant and boring. Don’t get me wrong I LOVE learning but there’s so much more that can be done than what formal education is teaching. I seem to pick up things extremely easy. I just got to be motivated and have a drive which a lot of times I don’t. Idk why. Maybe mental illness."
175989211,"Well, gotta leave to go to therapy with regular T. My appointment is at 630 tonight. At least I’m totally not stressed. Thanks everyone for your support today!"
175989212,Yes I did take my meds today.
175989213,Morning I never slept. At all.
175989214,"I am so sorry you are having such a hard time. Regression is so hard to deal with after a long time period of stability. Do you have a trusted friend you can confide in? I have one, and she saves me so many times. I hope things get better soon."
175989215,"You know what, I’m going to see about going back on vraylar. That helped me a lot, I had more energy on it and less paranoia. My insurance denied the doctors pre authorization so I’m going to fill out the patient assistance form from the manufacturer"
175989216,"Hi, I'm new. I've battled with depression and anxiety for years. I feel like I'm doing something wrong or I don't quite feel like I have the key or the game plan to get my life fully together. Things that seem easy are just way harder than they should be and I feel stuck. I'm trying, but I get frustrated sometimes. How long do I wait for things to get better? Especially right now, because of the virus. I just need to see that I am not alone and that I am not completely inept."
175989217,"Feeling solipsistic. Like I'm God or the second coming of Jesus or something. I try not to entertain these thoughts but they give me anxiety. I'm telling you that my environment isn't good and I want out. But I'm addicted to things and can't enjoy nature because of my mom and my past. I'm deeply ****_NAME_ up and don't know what is real. It feels like psychosis. My Invega injection is in a few days. I think it's the only thing that helps with this. I might take an olanzepine but more could cause depersonalization. 5HT2A receptor antagonism is what I need. But I am very low in dopamine. I feel alone - Like I'm in isolation. I want a good life and I'm trying but I'm in so much mental pain that I think about death often. I can feel demon type entities haunting me and that this is a simulation and there's a glitch in it. I need to distract myself but I obsess and every single point I go to leads me back to the start - My past, trauma, existential dread, not having my way and not even knowing what I wan
t - Wanting nothing but just to not exist so the pain will go away."
175989218,The one addiction I still cannot lick.
175989219,I've been eating a small piece of steak with a potato and frozen vegetables for dinner most nights. I eat other things throughout the day when I shop though.
175989220,Fck. My meds have been delayed.
175989221,"They have that book available as an audiobook from _PERSON_ through my library, I should listen to it!"
175989222,Very true. But of course many of those same medications have unpleasant side effects. And some trial and error is frequently needed before one finds a medication or combination of medications that works.
175989223,"Are you made feel any better by the responses you got on this post, SFW? People thanking you, identifying with you, complimenting you? This was a good post. You identified how you felt about your father's essay, spoke to him directly about it. He listened, apologized, said he would revise it. I would guess there was more of that altered way of seeing and treating you, and one apology and revision does not erase years of hurtful treatment? Have you read up on Childhood Emotional Neglect? I thank you for sharing and in such detail. I will share my own week on my own post."
175989224,Aren’t pontoons made for drinking? Lmao.
175989225,"That is how I started out. Buspar, Zoloft, paxil, Prozac, Effexor then Pristiq. But I started with the ssri's. But I couldn't tolerate them so I moved on. Your doc will probably know what is best. But it is nice to know that there are options. I always forget that I took Wellbutrin too. But I don't think that is either ssri or snri. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989226,Some groceries and made sure to get ? cheese. Then I got gas’s and a _NAME_ drink to go.
175989227,I’m sitting on the couch with headphones on listening to music while my mother watches CNN. I can’t stand to hear _PERSON_’s lawyer’s closing argument lol.
174387320,"I'm going to do the sketchbook project for the Brooklyn Art Library. _PERSON_ didn't you do this? I bought the sketchbook and am waiting for it to arrive. I'm thinking of making my theme mental health. You know like a page for hallucinations, and a page for SH, a page for depression, a page for anxiety, a page for panic attacks, a page for schizoaffective-disorder etc. What do you all think?"
175989228,It may be that many of those people are fighting it themselves. Maybe being around you reminds them of how they are so close to feeling like u. It is painful:/ hope u start escaping it soon. Just do one thing a day for your own joy. Because you deserve to be free of it like others are trying to be also. Then add another positive act every few days to a week. I will have you in my prayers.
175989230,"Hi kirhall22, I think you should be proud of yourself for how well you're doing. A lot of people wouldn't be able to take an objective point of view or work through things logically like you have."
175989231,A toasted English muffin w/ butter and raspberry jam
174387327,"Oh, So, what about maybe upping the Rexulti a little?"
175989232,"It’s trying to come back up, acid reflux..."
175989233,What’s everyone doing today?
175989234,Hi and welcome. Check out hw resources page...good info. Yep depression and anxiety tend to go together; the good thing is it can be very well managed. For panic episodes. Big breath thru nose...deep into lungs and purse lips and release air slowly and completely. Repeat. Distraction is important. Keeps thoughts from ruminating and building up and anxiety rears and an ensuing panic attack. I use music...my go to. Definetely have a chat with ya gp and advise what is happening and when. Triggers are important to be aware of. Just know that we get ya. Keep being and posting for support info and sharing. You have done awesome by reaching out here. Keep strong. HT
175989235,December 26th 2020 was last time I had depersonalization/derealization
175989236,Love the little girl you were and are still. That will heal you.
175989237,He’s cleaning up a house.....
175989238,"klonopin refill is ready at the pharmacy, gonna go pick that up and then go to my grandmas house. Gonna drink some coffee, relax, and just chill among family."
175989239,Yeah I was careful to get the packed ones though which are only originals because I can eat like 1/3 to half a pack of the normal packages without even thinking.
175989240,Man das be heat stroke. It's too hot outside. And inside.
175989241,There's so much conspiracies and paranoia to believe in. Yet I am quelled and fine. Maybe I am sheep.
175989242,"Targeted Individuals are being tortured silently while certain phenomena such as ""hearing the global Hum"" which affects 4% of the world population[*] may be indicative of the fact that the effects are being experienced by a much larger population than that of targeted individuals. Given the extremely advanced nature of the symptoms reported, e.g. mental manipulation, the associated neuro weapons, also termed “weapons of mass disruption” should be considered equivalent, in terms of national security, to “weapons of mass destruction”. It is expected that these would be top secret, would be handled only by few people in the highest military ranks, and would probably be subject to limited or non-existent parliamentary/congressional supervision (cf. generic reporting citing indispensable covert national security operations). This setting would cancel institutional controls, thereby creating environments conducive to corruption. It is important that society addresses electromagnetic harassment 
with torturous patterns or electromagnetic torture (cybernetic torture or cyberculture). It constitutes a significant human rights issue with severe risks on the health, well-being, and the life of individuals. It is also important to comprehend the implications, as the complaints of the targeted individuals referring to both torture as well as mental manipulation may be indicative of a future where mental interference may be performed on a large scale with imperceptible nuances and nudging of thinking towards certain directions e.g. for political or economic interference. It is urgent to address this phenomenon. https://www.ohchr.org/Documents/Issu.../NGOs/FFTI.pdf OHCHR | Call for submissions on Psychological Torture and Ill-Treatment Harassment techniques include: 1. Surveillance (being followed, electronic surveillance, computer, and phone hacking, monitoring all online activities, and bugging of home) 2.Profiles are built to identify any and all weaknesses and insecurities to be used later. Information o
ften obtained through sexual partners or trusted people in their lives. 3.Conditioning, where victims are sensitized to certain stimuli such as everywhere you go someone, will cough as they walk past you. The goal is to make you self police and then think anyone who coughs is involved in the harassment. People report of conditioning to include hand gestures and overt use of color in people's clothing (like everyone you see wearing red) or cars a certain color or with headlights on (also known as brighting). 4. Anchoring where someone will provide false rationales for the harassment. Often many possible rationales are planted to keep the victim confused and the focus of the harassment cycles from one possible reason to another round and around so as to keep the victim guessing in a self-perpetuating a guessing game where every scenario you are to blame and causes self-doubt, fear, intimidation, and ultimately a cycle of destructive thoughts 5. Mobbing (or true gangstalking) where everywhere you go you will see 
an overt display of people following you and often use words you have been conditioned to or your name to draw your attention 6. Street theatre where a group will ""perform"" an overt activity like a fake confrontation or scenarios designed to test your reactions. Often takes the form of a couple who position themselves near you and then have a conversation using many of your conditioned words or pertaining to your particular situation and sensitivities. 7.The use of directional speakers which have the ability to direct sound to a single individual in a crowded room. This particular item is ultimately the most used and is often referred to as V2K or Voice to Skull and is used extensively in the psychological breakdown of the victim. The use initially is to cause the victim to doubt their sanity and drive them into the mental health system, and later to just torment and never give the victim a moment of privacy or peace. If they do enter the mental health system, then harassment escalates dramatically as the v
ictim has now been ""discredited"" and can be labeled as someone with a mental problem if they do speak out about the harassment. 8.The use of electronics to affect your eyesight and balance which was originally developed for the military and police crowd control called ""dazzling"" and even the ability to make you vomit. 9. Sound campaigns which is a community harassment technique where abnormal levels of sound are directed at the victim and their home. This includes cars deliberately breaking or accelerating when they pass, people talking excessively loudly at all hours of the night, amplification of sound using directional speakers so that external sounds that previously couldn't be heard now can, garbage trucks and other heavy vehicles, and countless other deliberate tactics 10.Sleep deprivation - this is perhaps one of the most insidious tactics used where victims are woken multiple times a night and can be kept awake for days at a time. The effects are dramatic and completely debilitating affecting conc
entration, mood, irritability, appearance, and significantly impacts all areas of their life - job performance, relationships, and significantly aids in discrediting the victim as they appear unorganized, disheveled, and sleeping patterns alter so they may sleep during the day (where noise campaigns are more effective) and be awake at night (where they can be painted as the one making noise and being a disruptive member of the community). 11. Baiting or entrapment where victims are harassed to the point that they lash out and commit a crime such as assault, break and enter, or vandalism, as they try and locate the source of the harassment. Harassers will actively try to provoke verbal and physical confrontations especially after a period of sleep deprivation. Or they are prompted into an activity which can then be used as leverage such as affairs, sexuality, drug use, or other criminal activity. 12. Gaslighting which is a form of psychological abuse where someone will actively try to undermine victims and to 
make them doubt themselves so that they lose all self-confidence and self-esteem and are therefore easier to manipulate and push toward mental health pathway. It can be as simple as being told something which they then deny, then telling them how silly they are for thinking they said it, and turn the lie around into an attack on the person. It can be incredibly effective coming from a trusted person and before the victim understands what is happening to them. 13.Blackbag jobs is a term when a harasser breaks into a victim's property and places something or deliberately moves something. The purpose is to cause self-doubt, and fear that their property is being accessed which harassers try to then sell as paranoia. 14. Propaganda and disinformation is also the other key element to suppress knowledge of this practice as its effectiveness initially requires the victim to be unaware of the existence of gangstalking, gaslighting, or electronic technologies such as directional speakers so huge amounts of time are dev
oted online to creating disinformation sites which attempt to discredit victims by pushing the mental health agenda. They achieve this by posing as victims and actively trying to sound crazy so that all victims are being treated as such. Also by creating websites claiming to help victims and being a resource for victims to come together and then harassing them to the extent that they lose hope and no longer reach out for help causing further isolation. 15. Further to the above, gang stalkers rely on disbelief and discrediting, and as such much of the harassment is designed (at least initially) to mimic mental health issues. They also rely on their abuse being so extreme, so pervasive, so fundamentally immoral, as to be disbelieved and victims subsequently resort to photographing, videotaping, and sound recording their everyday encounters to disprove the countless unfounded claims made against them - especially in relation to gaslighting, which gang stalkers try to turn around and paint the victims as paranoid 
or irrational. Victims are made to feel helpless as every attempt to defend themselves is used against them and when they seek the help they are met with disbelief or open hostility."
175989243,I have no problemo with the police eh. We are good friennnns...
175989244,Hi guys. It's been a while. Things have been crazy with me. So I just haven't been online much. Hopefully things will settle down and I can come back and be like normal with ya'll. I miss everyone! How is everyone doing?! _PERSON_
175989245,What's up brother?
175989246,"Wow, sorry to hear that"
175989247,"Salmon, green beans, and grapefruit juice"
174387331,I am dating a person with bipolar paranoid schizophrenia he is not getting his medication i just want someone to talk to feel lonely and worried. We are a gay couple which does not always help in the matter. Anyone willing to talk/listen?
175989248,"Hi there, I’m so sorry you’re going through such a hard time right now. Believe me, I get it. Is there anyone you can reach out to? FaceTime or call? What kinds of things have helped you in the past? I find DBT really helps with me, as well as drawing, journaling and yoga although not always. Are you able to do telemedicine with a therapist? Please know you’re not alone and It takes so much strength and courage to reach out for help."
175989249,"Nexium, prilosec, prevacid. Miracle drugs, truly."
175989250,stopped all my meds
175989251,"_NAME_, Have you called animal control? I wouldn't go by what someone says. Do you have a live trap you could catch them in? Or maybe animal control does. I had a family of foxes that lived near me. There were two adults and four babies. I guess they are called ""kits"". And they say the fox is more related to a cat than a dog. Though I find that hard to believe. Anyhow I have a video somewhere of the family of fox. It is on VHS tape. Old. One day one of my dogs got out and chased the fox. When she came back she had blood on her mouth and a hole through her bottom jaw. She got an infection and had to have two teeth pulled. I never saw the family of foxes after that. But I have seen one go through the yard. He was trying to catch a squirrel that was in a _NAME_ tree. I feed the birds and the squirrels come in too. Rrakkma, I love looking at photography. I had a camera but it isn't working. My phone isn't bad with things close up. But I want to get a new camera. I had the same one for 15 years. _NAME
_, You and your metal!!! I love music so much. _PERSON_, I hope you have a good day and that the virus is slowing down so people can get out again. OceanFisher, Thanks for posting this thread as I have really enjoyed reading the posts. Have a good day all... Hugs, _NAME_..."
174387357,"My psychiatrist put me on max dose of the Invega injection + 10mg of olanzepine 2.5 years ago but I wanted to be on the lowest amount of antipsychotics possible. So we kind of have the opposite issue of each others pdocs. I realize now that I actually need to be on a higher dose of antipsychotics after lowering my Invega injection, going psychotic and then going back on it again. Higher doses are better for cognition than psychosis."
175989252,"_PERSON_, I am sorry that your birthday was challenging for you. Any milestone/first holiday/birthday...ect is tremendously difficult of course. I am keeping you in healing thoughts/prayers daily. For what it is worth...happy birthday. I hope you can gift yourself with something good just for yourself sometime soon. S.C."
175989253,Sounds like you have a good therapist _PERSON_
175989254,"I hate to tell you this but studies actually rank the bathroom as the cleanest when compared to the kitchen because of the strength of cleaner used In the bathroom are much stronger. Also poop isn’t as bad as you think, it’ll only make you sick if the other person is sick, normal gut microbiota are pretty benign. Fecal transplants save lives...."
175989255,"So obvi I can’t see my mom since covid but she got outback to go with the rest of the family yesterday including an awesome blossom. Today she is having a special mother’s day mini pizza, but just one slice because she gets reflux. School starts again tomorrow I’m kinda relieved because I’ve had too much energy lately and I need something to focus on."
175989256,"I am so sorry that you have not only been assaulted or bullied in your life, in school and at home where you should've been protected and made to feel safe, but also that there were no trustworthy adults in your life for you to turn to. Bullying is indeed very serious, with terrible consequences for those bullied. It also turns out that most bullies were also bullied, so this is the behavior they know and that gives them some illusion of control. I hope you are getting care and attention for the trauma of your childhood. It's great that you are speaking out in such a strong voice. You have suffered, but it seems to me you will find your way."
175989257,You are clearly in an unhealthy relationship. I had been through the same. Breaking up with the person was the best decision in my life. I had PTSD symptoms after that but slowly things started getting better. Life is really beautiful with the right people. I suggest you should break up and try seeing a counsellor. There is a beautiful life waiting fr you!
175989258,"What about day-to-day stuff? I'm assuming you don't just throw another dog at her every few days, so do you acknowledge her needs on a daily basis? For example: if she's been on the phone with a family member or friend, do you ask her about them when she's done? Do you recognise when she's not feeling right and do things to support her and help? I know it's not the same condition, but one of the issues I have is completely missing small tell-tale signs that things are not right and I expect fixes to repair the way she's feeling, not acknowledging that it will still take time to improve."
175989259,"Nope. I have not showered in eight days. I have no motivation it feels like so much work to just take a shower. I’m trying to work up the nerve. I have to have one for sure on the 17th-19th because I have to be out in public but otherwise I’m just... not into it. It’s gross, I know."
175989260,I was given that prescript ion to help me forget about aches and pains in my stomach zone along with anxiety. So far I've only taken it a few times. I stop after 2 days because it makes me a bit dizzy feeling and I got really sad on the 2nd day. I would love it if you could use this on demand and it actually does something for you. I do use Ativan as needed and that really really helps me. I just can't take it very often. Don't want to get dependent on it.
175989261,A new book and a dvd
175989262,Try it SP it’s really fun and I heard that it works good with your favorite Bristol paper
175989263,Feeling anxiety again badly
175989264,"""At such a moment it is not the physical pain which hurts the most; it is the mental agony caused by the injustice, the unreasonableness of it all""."
175989265,Got the a/c on. Can you believe less than a week ago it was -5 here and now it’s 80 degrees
175989266,"I hate that I am like this, this anxiety is eating away at my life!!!! I am 37 years old, since i am considered high risk for breast cancer I have annual screenings every May. Here I am again, just had an MRI done and tomorrow mammogram and I am freaking out. Doctor tells me she is sure I am going to be fine but of course that doesnt mean anything to me because there are always exceptions and I am more likely to fall into the exceptions category. Aside from thinking I have breast C, I have this weird pelvic pain right down below on the right side, its stings, its tight feeling sometimes it hurts in between my thigh before it was only when i walked but now it feels pretty consistent, I am so scared, what if its C? Please help me has anyone had this before? I need someone to talk to"
175989267,"And another thought. Right after you take the medication, try to visualize how it's going through your body. Picture it dissolving and causing a wonderful and calming sensation. Hold onto that thought and any other positive thoughts for the next couple of hours. Let us know how you do!"
175989268,Thanks for sharing your story _NAME_. _PERSON_ is one of the worst drugs someone with schizoid tendencies could use I read once. Look forward to reading the rest of your story.
175989269,Made it to level 40 in the mines
175989270,Can't get back to sleep so I'm up getting some cleaning done
175989271,"I'm not sure how I'm doing. My anxiety is... A low but audible roar this past week. I was going to call my Dr and discuss increasing the buspar but I feel like I'm hoping for a miracle drug to completely stop all anxiety, fear and worry. There are days I think I need to be more forceful w myself to stuff it back in the box but other days I feel like normal people don't ever have to stuff it away. I'm hoping things will calm down in my brain, in case this was ""spike"" is related to the unrest in the political world."
175989272,Hahahah I’m liking going back to school except for the exams. Wish I didn’t have to do them but it’s all self induced.
175989273,An orange
175989274,"I hope so. I can't even remember what good and happy feels like, but there must have been a time when I felt that way. But I remain hopeful that it can happen, and will happen. While I breathe, I hope."
175989275,So I called someone and they will be out next week to look at it. I am relieved at that at least. Hopefully it’s not serious. I’m thinking it’s either a roof cap or flashing.
175989276,"I actually got the switch for Christmas in 2018. And it sat and sat and sat on my shelf, until this pokemon came out. Hm. But I also was on haldol then. I didn't seem to pick it up until a month after we moved into this place. This pokemon didnt come out to mid November."
175989277,"The way the world is, there's no shame in feeling like an outsider."
175989278,"Damn, I'm bored. Thought it could be fun for us to share links to Youtube (and other) videos that we either find funny or simply just put us into a better mood. I'm a big believer in distraction techniques that can temporarily give us a break from life's monotony. I got a kick out of this one. IDK if it's the kind of thing that can get me banned from this site...if so that's fine...free speech is very important to me. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb219dz_NeA"
175989279,We had that whipped cream record lol.
175989280,"I found an interesting reddit post; ""Colors get enhanced with increased conscious awareness and reduced autopilot awareness. Our body benefits most by becoming autopilot. It's what learning is about. So perhaps learning is reduced. This could occur due to GABA effects. Reduced learning may increase the novelty of life more and allow you to focus better. Because everything will be more interesting because it makes less obvious sense right away. Try to realize that consciousness and learning can be opposites in a way. Learning aims to reduce consciousness and increase habit and auto pilot behaviors. Consciousness is comes in when you experience novel things."" ... Hear me out.."
175989281,I'm hoping and praying that there will be a smoke break today. I keep sleeping too late and then sleeping all day.
175989282,Still focused. No panic attack. Not sure what to do though.
175989283,Thank you _PERSON_
175989284,I can't even type. Yknow that hot black tar that is put into cracks on the road? That's what my mind is like.
175989285,Sorry that you are going through this
175989286,"Yep, shaved my head but I've got a razor burn on the side of my head."
175989287,"That’s streaming gaming site. But you can stream anything not just gaming. A lot of people have ASMR shoes on there, music shows, people playing music, mental health podcasts live, etc. Anything you wanna do live there, it’s there."
175989288,"Glad you're feeling better, sleep is incredibly important. If I go without sleep for even one night I'm nearly psychotic or manic usually, or both."
175989289,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175989290,"I didnt mean to effect your decision, i meant to understand both sides better, and with this information you will know how to tackle your issue better, i saw your side, and i understand it too"
175989291,"Hi, Grass88 Thank you for reaching out and I am sorry that your Daughter is subject to this affliction, as I view that very experience of hearing voices as one. I understand what you are saying and TBH I would say it's a bit like offering you a choice, the old cliche of Blue pill vs the Red pill at this present moment in time. One will possibly be less hard to learn to co-exist with and may reduce your Daughters basic symptoms of being harassed by 'Voices' ( would any of my accounts or observations ring true) The only downside is she will sufferer from side effects, and have to be compliant with the service's agenda. It would not tell the Doctor about the 'voices' and get treatment for the Anxiety and PTSD caused by these experiences, also the drugs will be less toxic towards your _PERSON_ healthy in the long term. Or the other possible situation is like my you except and witness upon a daily basis being whats termed online as Gang stalked, Cyber Torture ( this refers to the transmission of EMF or 
WI FI based communication wireless networks) and read up on the topic and all ways trust your GUT, as soon as I deny that very natural resource fall foul to various entrapments along with a boring mundane existence. As the general public expectance of the possible realities of being tagged, via Voices or via smear campaigns or by ostracism, or workplace mobbing, doxxing, lost of normal privacy rights, also you will be or perceive some kind of monitoring being conducted 24/7 like if you were of interest to some Government organization. So, I would STRONGLY advise taking the less hostile route as you will be less troubled by this thing. If you want to PM feel free as I will help with whatever limited way I can. P.S Sorry for the mistypes within this message as it's my typing and some hack on the computer."
175989292,"Very interesting, but sounds terrifying to me! That's similar to the concept behind ""shapeshifting' in some shamanic cultures (just intentionally instead of unintentionally) isn't it? ^ to enter a state where you could leave your body and enter someone or something else's with your etheric body. I sort of abstractly associate this topic to remembering times when I felt like I might do things that I did not want to do, due to percieved (or mispercieved) external influences or pressurings or forces This timelapse photo of bees is how I interpreted some of what you said: I think your response clarifies a lot, but is still a bit over my head for me in some respects (and currently my mind isn't working as well as it was). For example, using something more ""zoomed in"" like even this website: Ever since I joined, I've seen one individual will start talking about something in one subforum and then in a completely unrelated subforum someone will start up on it (but possibly from a different angle like I 
understood you to illustrate in a few different ways) and it can happen in a whole bunch of areas at once. ^ And yet, it's not only pre-existing members; it's new ones making new topics or reviving old threads that have been dead for many, many years. And on more than one occasion, it's been a preexisting member who hasn't even posted on the website in many years - and sometimes the topics are not at all typical either. And then, zooming out in my thinking now, I've also been thinking about previously discussed topics such as talking about extremists be it rabid feminists or other types of ""humanists"" Pulling up some old pieces of discussion: What do you think will happen if humanists get primates to tear down fences completely - instead of repairing them or putting better and more secure ones in place? I imagine it would open them up to even greater and more unfamiliar zookeepers, farmers (or harvesters) that they're even less equipped in dealing with (like places like Slovakia, Romania, Ukraine, etc. have 
experienced over the years). Primate-Humanist-Individualists seem more invested in focusing on the sheepdogs than the shepherds. If you tell them the shepherds are the core, they get enraged with you and all start calling you a ""sociopath"" (laughable given how sensitive and caring I am with the right populations) - all the while they continue to keep everyone focused on and trying to defend themselves against the sheepdogs (that are replaceable not only in body and by numbers, but also breeds and species too). From a prosocial angle, I don't know how to respond or view things anymore (I have my own vision, values and ideals fused into the core of my being, but they aren't compatible with this world and thus often quite useless). I don't even know what a helpful response or way to offer guidance would look like (that any primate would be receptive to) and we all know I hate being quiet! Again, only respond if or when you feel like it, of course."
175989293,There are definitely walking meditations...maybe get some art supplies for a down day?
175989294,"I'm gonna try to get around to starting your book. I have flipped through it a bit. I'm literally so bogged down with this new job and I'm trying to move too in a couple or so months. If I can. I'm worried that working, period, will lessen my time to my hobbies like reading and writing."
175989295,Thanks bb!!!
175989296,Therapy went well but it was so completely uncomfortable
175989297,I told him he needs to take a nap. I think he will. Sucks.
175989298,Those months and months of opera. Culminating in this. Magnificent.
175989299,"When I was at my deepest and darkest , when I had stayed isolated for months together.. I found a type of meditation. It has helped me enough to want to help others... What made a difference was a step-by-step lifestyle change."
175989300,Some people feel anxious at times when starting out the day when they know they have a lot that they need to get done on that day.
175989301,"Same. I Love them equally. Having previously always had dogs it is currently fascinating to be among cats. Mine actually demands we go through a bit of a ritual every time I return home. She makes her way to the table beside my bathroom sink which is the right height for me to do chin /cheek rubs against her face for 10 minutes. During this time she drools and sometimes spittle bubbles emerge from her mouth. She will swirl to the left and right so each side of her face gets a rub in equal measure. Then I have to groom her with a special brush. I know. I have had to switch off thinking along those lines. I think it was you ( or maybe my friend) made this point to me before. I guess I find it hard to accept ( not sure why ) even though it makes perfect sense. I'm not a millennial and hate social media. I did join Instagram because I like the photo editing options. Unfortunately I let it slip to my friend and she insisted I befriend her via Instagram, even though I had chosen to have zero comments, ze
ro links, zero friends and zero options for anyone to press 'like'. Now I have one follower! HER! when I only ever wanted it for me.. so I could admire my own work Ryanair (low cost airlines, ireland) want to charge obese people the cost of two seats per flight The people I am currently surrounded by, and endure, drain the life-force out of me. But I step back and view it all from a comedic, sometimes horrified, and always judgmental stance. I do try and be non judgemental and patient and not condescending or filled with contempt but f'uck I reckon I have paid off all karmic debt to endure what I do. I give it one more year max for financial reasons. People tend to like me (but only because no one has the foggiest idea of what is really going through my mind) and for this reason I feel I owe it to them to be more tolerant. It matters nothing to me to be liked. But having said that I am not sure how I would fare if I was hated. Do you think you would reject society so much if it outwardly rejected you?"
175989302,"Hi there, I’m so anxious right now, I have no desire to harm myself but anxious thoughts come to me about it and it so scary ...I don’t know what to do ...it ha happened to me before I had been ok for months and they came back...please tell me I’m not the only one who experiences that due to anxiety"
175989303,I have some good reduction in my general anxiety at 20 mg. I’ve tried to go down to 10 but it just doesn’t do enough. 20 mg has helped me a lot. I probably started to feel better a couple/few weeks after I started that dose. Hope this helps!
175989304,How close are you to a mental health center?
175989305,Plus I'm cramping cuz my period. I feel like crap.
175989306,I’m stuck on these pair of Onitsuka ASICS I want.
175989307,Looking forward to it. No worries! I’m here every week!
175989308,Just had some coffee...
175989309,"Dear Parents and those beautiful people with this disorder, My daughter will be 17 in September. Over the last 3 1/2 years she has turned more and more inward. You all know the symptoms, so I will not bore you with the long list. She will talk to me when needed and her brother who she loves dearly. No one else in the world exists. She is highly intellectual and artistic. She is an overachiever and seems to have some tendencies towards OCD. She wants to be a neurosurgeon but I don’t know how she will be able to get through medical school etc. with this socially Limiting disorder. I would like those who are affected with this disorder to respond as to the best way I can be the person she needs. I respect her need for privacy and I try to be there for whatever she needs. Mostly she just wants to be left alone and stay in her room. She sleeps in the day and is up all night. I just would like someone out there to tell me what they would want from their parent or parents and if there are any parents ou
t there who could shed some light. I just found out she has this disorder, she is 10 out of 10 for the symptomology."
175989310,Tuna sandwich and a caramel latte
175989311,Teaching again tomorrow. That should be good I think.
175989312,Native Tongue by _NAME_ The Queen's Necklace by _NAME_ (These days I usually have 2-3 books going at once.
175989313,Yay What kind?
175989314,"Nope, not today."
175989315,"Made him a full course breakfast. He was all upset that I turned the a/c on cuz i was hot while i was working on the stove. Which took an hour. And then i had offered to help him sign up for the fafsa to go back to school for fall 2020. So he could get a better job (which he always complains about his current one) and make more money (which he complains he doesnt make enough). I know he can get a pell grant because he doesnt make a lot in a year. I was filling it out for him and everything and he just had a complete attitude about it. He didnt even have to do anything. I just needed some answers from him to complete it. I was even gonna goto his car for him and get his driver's license etc. He was huffing and puffing. He hasnt Really talked to me at all this morning. Hes been on his phone. And I'm just ****ing fed up helping people with bullshyt and people are so ungrateful. Mind you, that I had to end up working over the heat. I had very little sleep. I went to bed at 4 or 5am because I wasnt feel
ing well at all physically. And he woke me up at 9 am and then again at 9:20am to cook him this full course breakfast. And hes gonna expect me to clean up the whole house I'm sure. And then he just left without saying bye. Ol ungrateful a$&"
175989316,I think it does too. Don’t know the facts on it but I think it does and I think that’s part of the reason for the ban.
175989317,I am a person suffering from anxiety and depression.
175989318,"Thanks guys, you made me feel better"
174387427,"Your mental health is very good Newtus for writing this. You are a social person. Much aware of things and want more out of life. Don't be too hard on yourself right now even though you're going through a lot. I find pot to be very numbing because when it wears off, I'm way more creative. I only take low dose edibles because it makes me want to exercise. I might take one now for my 5 hour hike today. Marijuana can cause amotivational syndrome which is like having negative symptoms of schizophrenia. I gave up on playing video games because I can't just sit for hours a day and ignore all of my problems. I'm an achiever. I have to do things that will benefit my future. I'm lucky to have disability and not work so I have to do something with it like go to school. I feel like volunteering as well if I had a part time job. I have to constantly be doing things to battle my negative symptoms and train the muscles of my mind in my brain to get better. If I just do nothing, then my symptoms get much worse an
d I go into depression."
175989319,How do you guys deal with when you do not feel like doing anything work related or school related?
175989320,"Saw pdoc yesterday, said he wanted to put me on latuda, zyprexa, or geodon. We decided on geodon because ive had good luck with it in the past. He put me on a ""hefty dose."" 80mg in the AM, 80mg in the PM, 160mg total."
175989321,Fair enough - I might say I deserved that
175989322,My mom gaslighted me to the psych ward a couple of times
175989323,"I enjoy the days when I don’t see the fox that lives in my backyard, or his little cub, sunning themselves in my driveway like I did this morning. I don’t enjoy hearing people, when I’m telling them I’m calling animal control to set up a trap so they can be freed out in the woods somewhere, and I’m told, Oh, they don’t come out now because of the virus. Yeah, I like nature, but I don’t like it in my backyard. I like walking around the block and sometimes seeing a neighbor and sometimes having a conversation. My spirits increase when that happens. I know if that happened on a regular basis my spirits would increase. I enjoy watching True Crime TV shows and documentaries."
175989324,"Yeah. Severe social anxiety disorder is a chronic mental health condition where social interactions causes you irrational anxiety. The other things include-fear, self-consciousness and embarrassment."
175989325,Yum! I???
175989326,But it's all good. I suppose.
175989327,###$. Something weird happened. I was composing a message and I lost all of it because the page refreshed itself on its own.
175989328,It is knowing our limitations. HT. More On Chronic Illness Painsomnia: Getting A Good Night Sleep With Chronic Pain Overcoming Big Challenges With Chronic Illness
175989329,Just signed onto okcupid and felt existential dread for about an hour lol. God im a wreck.
175989330,It is going to be fine... And you are going to feel a whole lot better!
175989331,"Good morning, enjoying some coffee. Have a lot of cleaning to do. Going to take a few long walks later today. Probably going to draw some too"
175989332,"Every night, roughly between 11pm and midnight, the battle to flatten the dough and cut the doughnuts out commences, and this plays"
175989333,I bought all salads for the week now I don’t want salad.....sigh.
175989334,I’m sure she’s just adjusting to the move.
175989335,"Has anyone tried this: Metagenics Serosyn Supplement My sister is taking it for her anxiety. It's pretty new, very expensive, but over the counter. Amazon says this about it : Whenever I hear ""Asian ginseng"" I start to cringe a little. Apparently it's trying to be the alternative to prescription drugs, but she says they help her a lot."
175989336,"Hey, So, I am holding in there. I had been doing some ""self-medication,"" but I need to stop it because it does not solve the problem, and I don't want my daughter around it. But, without it, I am so sad. I just have a hard time coping with my current thoughts and feelings. I dream of an escape... but there is none."
175989337,"This is a pretty laid back open enrolment online university. I don’t see it being a problem, but I’ll shoot them an email ask about it just to see. Thanks!"
175989338,"_PERSON_, _PERSON_."
175989339,I think I'm becoming an alcoholic...
175989340,Write to _PERSON_. She does a support group online every Sunday afternoon. It’s via zoom. Good luck
175989341,"Yes! Exactly! And I don’t get why people aren’t getting tired of it. Cause I am. But when I told my friends, they just shoved me away and told me I was too negative, too toxic for them. And they hate it when I try and talk about it that they will change topics. Thanks for telling me you understand. Not everyone can."
175989342,"Every day I take a shower at night, then take my med in the morning and put on my make-up. Then, I teach online and sleep on my breaks. Today, I did some prep work for classes, then cleaned my place by vacuuming and cleaning the toilet. Afterwards, I washed my laundry. I am doing well and doing better than when I was doing nothing. I believe, working has helped me to become more discipline about my hygiene and also to remain compliant with my med. I am happy although sometimes stressed. I have much work to do for my classes but have time to sleep on my breaks."
175989343,"No. i was in the past. Most generics i have no issue from the original, 1 or two, yes. _PERSON_, i reckon ya throw it down the hatch, overthinking it might be half the issue, well, could be for some. Keep strong. HT"
175989344,I got that watermelon party game
175989345,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175989346,"MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES IN HEAD AND NECK CANCER PATIENTS CAUSED BY THE COVID – 19 PANDEMIC The current COVID-19 outbreak is spurring depression, fear, anxiety, and stress on a societal level. On an individual level, it may exacerbate anxiety and psychosis-like symptoms as well as lead to non-specific mental issues (e.g., mood problems, sleep issues, phobia-like behaviors, panic-like symptoms). Head and neck cancer patients (HNCP) (including laryngectomees) are more vulnerable to these psychological issues as well the viral infection. Laryngectomees may experience increased social isolation and loneliness. Contributing to these are the difficulties in get medical and diagnostic care, prescription drugs, and medical supplies; and the economic situation. HNCP with mental health issues such as OCD, PTSD, anxiety and depressive disorders, and paranoia may experience exacerbation of their symptoms. HNCP can be proactive and alleviate some of their psychological vulnerability by: • Reaching out and seeki
ng support from mental health professionals (i.e., psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers) • Getting medical and other supplies delivered to one’s residence • Engaging in healthy distractions such as reading, watching movies, taking walks, exercising, and learning a new skill • Developing a routine • Obtaining information from reliable sources • Curbing media exposure to certain times in the day • Being aware of what is anxiety and what is reality in one’s thoughts and conversations • Following guidelines (i.e., using prescribed handwashing methods, avoiding touching the face, avoiding hugging and shaking hands, staying at home and contacting one’s medical provider when experiencing medical problems) • Connecting with family and friends through the internet, social media, video calls and phone Following these guidelines can assist HNCP navigate through the corona virus pandemic. _NAME_ MD"
175989347,"Wow, to the minute, I just caught up with roll call again and finished the very minute my headphones finished charging. I've been eating tons of candy, snacks and pop this whole week. I'm gaining weight and I can't let that happen. I'd better cut way down. Wondering if my rotten mood is due to a sugar crash."
175989348,I haven’t been sticking to a routine of any kind during the middle part of the day. Ugh. I also haven’t been sleeping at night tho either sooooooo
175989349,I think it’s a bit worse. It’s been steadily getting worse for a while even before meds. I hope it’s not the meds I want them to work. I should hit up the gym tomorrow it usually makes me feel better. I’m trying to save my last personal day for the end of the month but I guess I could take it any time. I’m just annoyed at it all.
175989350,"I've just been relaxing/sleeping mostly because of the cold I have so I haven't had a chance to reply but I hope things get better for you and your symptoms lessen, I know things are very difficult for you right now"
175989351,I bought Christmas presents for my family and a few friends And also some nutri grain bars and a 24pk of vanilla Ensure nutrition shakes
175989352,How long have you been taking your medicine? I can react to medicine pretty quickly. Did you say you had already started to feel better?
175989353,"Talk, share secrets, spill the tea ?"
174387462,"Hi Everyone. My Pdoc raised my anti-psychotic dose to 4 mg of Rexulti to try to calm down the hallucinations. And he added generic Cymbalta to the Trintellix that I already take for depression. The rest of the medications he left alone. I felt nauseated when I first took the Cymbalta and a little nauseated each day. I've been super ridiculously tired each day though. I slept A LOT this weekend. I would have slept more but I think I was worrying my parents and I don't want to do that. I'm tired today too. Want to just sleep sleep sleep. At work though, so kind of hard to nap at work!! I went to a _USER_ID_ support group Thursday night and I actually participated. That was good I think. Should make my case manager happy. Haven't hurt myself in 23 days. Kind of feel like I need to go back to the hospital but I don't want to do that to my parents again, or to my work again, so I gotta suck it up. Even though I hated being at the hospital before and just wanted to get out. I feel like I'm not functionin
g that good. I can't tell for sure though. I'm just so dang tired! HUGS to anyone who wants one, _PERSON_"
175989354,Fine work man! Totally my kind of music for sure!
175989355,Can you say something to her about her driving ?
175989356,Anyone else get like tunnel vision when they get a bit manic? Like I’m hyper focused on something.
175989357,Reluctantly I told my mom what’s been going on and she got on the google machine hahahaha. ‘What’s the difference between bipolar 1 and bipolar 2?’ Feels nice to say things out loud though. Of course now she’s going to watch me like a HAWK.
175989358,Just some coffee. Had oatmeal with a piece of toast earlier
175989359,I've lost friends and I've gained friends. I have my best friend since I was 12 years old. We knew each other for about 18 years. We have lost contact with each other and when we contact each other after a long absents it's like we never separated. Back in high school though before contacting my BFF I relied on my online friends. They kept me from suicide. I speak highly of my online friends because of that. My online friends were and are pretty much my family.
175989360,What do the teddy bears say to you? Is it helpful things or harmful things?
175989361,All but my evening supplements.
175989362,Peanut butter and honey sandwich
175989363,"Also, as you say, even if you don't get the job, interviews are learning experiences (always). I remember interviewing for English teaching positions when I lived in Buenos Aires. It took soooooo many interviews to finally land something. Work is just full of learning experiences, too."
175989364,You got Xbox???
175989365,I'm euphoric idk why
175989366,"Yes, I sure did. So far she's very nice, but unfortunately I was not friendly towards her when she first came to the home. Also, I think she quit smoking, not sure. I guess I see what your t means. But you work full time, you're around people all the time. If it was me, I'd count that exposure double. And friends may or may not appreciate hearing of our problems. That's why you go to him!"
175989367,"Hahaha I need to, yea"
175989368,Pioneer woman marathon! Yes!
175989369,"I love you guys, you guys are the best. I feel like this is a family after all the years I've been here"
175989370,"Oh, ok! I hope everything goes well!"
175989371,"wet cat food, shampoo/conditioner mixed, two tee shirts for my niece (one had _NAME_ Mouse on it hugging a unicorn!), a tutu skirt and a tee shirt with _NAME_ on it for my niece, and a Tootsie roll."
175989372,Were there frozen bodies all the way up?
175989373,Did you do any gaming? Animal Crossing?
175989374,Yay! Did you get a Xbox ultimate card? I believe it’s 20 or 25 dollars.
175989375,Ok lol so I just checked out the auditions I had. It's so weird hearing people literally read my written thoughts. Lol!
175989376,"Thank you so much for the reply, _PERSON_. I was amazed when you proposed that I might have signs of menopause. I never even considered it. I shared this idea with my husband and he reminded me how much I sweat lately. I famously don’t sweat much, but since last year sweat just pours out of me. I know I take hormones for 3 years and they also changed my body and the way it works. But this is a very good suggestion that you gave me and I will pursue it and see what the tests show. My mother had a late menopause so I never thought of it. But now I will definitely consider it. Thank you again for your warm welcome and your answer! Greetings from rainy Turkey!"
175989377,Watched Iron Man tonight
175989378,_PERSON_ but that's only part of it. He said theres other things going on but he wont tell me. He says work and a few other things.
175989379,"I still have a final project or two in replacement (due to the covid outbreak) of my final diploma practicum. I'm quite resistant and angry (I've already bitched and complained about it here many times over the months). Moreover, with the last 6-8 months having been relatively difficult, I've begun to get overwhelmed, and as a result, have had a little bit of troubles using my mind (more so, around gathering thoughts and focusing it on topics that I'm supposed to be addressing). And last of all, I procrastinate and am completely disinterested in the subject at the moment. Unfortunately, I don't really know where my mind just plain not working begins and where the procrastinating and being irresponsible ends. I would like to tell them all to ###$ off, but I'm pretty sure it's because they keep throwing new information in my face and because I sometimes like to try to blame others for my own issues (such as my lack of ability to adapt to change and unpredictability). I'm probably going to procrastina
te some more and then find the part that seems the easiest to start with - maybe that'll get me going."
174387517,"Thank you _NAME_. Mine is retiring though. Wont be long and I will have to find new. I imagine a couple years. Hope you all have a good day today. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175989380,Hope you guys are safe
175989381,No offense but it could have been _NAME_ Cash.
175989382,"I want to go investigate haunted places. I used to live like 40 minutes south of _NAME_ Hills (former Sanatorium, in louisville) before I moved back to my home state. Too bad I never visited. My best friend from high school went though"
175989383,Writing it down for me is always helpful. Sometimes I don't even know what I'm thinking until I write it down. I guess that's something I've learned over the years. Although I do censor myself a great deal... I guess everyone censors themselves to some extent though.
175989384,one is the loneliest number
175989385,Mom was watching this movie Bliss where they were addicted to drugs and having a shared hallucination and delusion that they were in a simulation. WEIRD. But also begs to question what is real???
175989386,Awesome! That's the dose I'm on too
175989387,I don’t meditate. Maybe I will try that. I just always need reassurance about this kind of stuff even when it is clear I am okay.
175989388,"Maybe just a lot of us humans are feeling testy overall due to other reasons? But the goal is still the same. This is a support site. There are plenty of sites to throw insults around, such as Twitter (and nothing wrong with that approach if that is what is needed), but that is easy. Any site can do that. Personally I found the original topic an insightful one, and would like to read more about that."
175989389,Yes. Morning meds and supplements!
175989390,"Thanks I feel better after that and yoga. Most of the physical anxiety is gone now, still have some mental anxiety but I'll deal with it"
175989391,That's really nice of you...your friend is lucky to have you! _PERSON_...maybe you should hit up HT next week! ;p _PERSON_.
175989392,"I left my apartment for the first time since last Saturday. I went to the pizza place and got some food. A slice of pizza, a Jamaican beef _USER_ID_, and a piece of cheesecake"
175989393,I get all anxious and worried over my heart as well. Sometimes it seems like it is beating weird. I had a test done at the ER but it didn't show anything abnormal. But it still scares me.
175989394,Finally able to focus enough to read. My focus has been so bad the past week
175989395,"My _NAME_ nook plushie I got yesterday from target, with the other plushies!"
175989396,If you are working with a therapist - a trauma therapy group with cognitive behavioral therapy may help.
175989397,Listening to some Ghastly on Spotify. Not sure how I feel on some of his stuff but I’m actually enjoying it. Dubstep woohoo
175989398,I have a plan now and want to act but am scared of not succeeding.
175989399,Many healing thoughts. HT
175989400,kinda wanna pull an all nighter
175989401,Thank you yes i did. I took 2 acetominophin (sp?) Last night. I'm ok this morning.
175989402,I ran out. I have some now tho.
175989403,"My uncle is 61 and he just bought himself a regular Switch. He hasn't bought himself any consoles in about 20 years. I think he's going to buy Animal Crossing, too."
175989404,"OMG...you guys know how my mom has cancer/chemo. Well they prescribed a new medicine for nausea.....it’s a freakin antipsychotic and a typical one at that. I told her not to take it, it could cause TD or could cause withdrawal psychosis. Unbelievable. She already had an anti nausea med they just wanted to add this one."
175989405,"if you have amazon prime, you can get 15% cash back on digital cards for the nintendo eShop. The deal expires July 5th, but you need an Amazon Prime card to claim the deal. I bought the $99 donkey kong card. I should expect about $15 to be added to my prime account. anyways, I also bought a new microSDXC. 512GB. I think my current one is like 128GB and I want to install Xenoblade 2, which is about 13GB. (Not enough space on my current card.)"
175989406,"Dear _PERSON_, I am so sorry you are burdened with the things you describe. I will take a look at the video. Thanks. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175989407,Trying to decide what kind of dessert to buy for Christmas
175989408,Congrats _PERSON_. I'm feeling like this worlds perception is completely off. I can't believe what is happening due to COVID and how people abuse their power. I honestly hate hypocrisy in every shape and form.
175989409,Therapist every two weeks. Psychiatrist once a month. I go to a specialty clinic for psychosis. I could easily get by with fewer therapy appointments.
175989410,You ok Des?
175989411,Oakridge boys
174387558,"_NAME_, I have read most of ur posts and u remind me of me. Have you ever received a diagnosis of a psychotic disorder? I am quite concerned about you. _PERSON_."
175989412,"Yeah no doubt your right! Its bacally a gaslighting,harassing,tortour porn hate crime Which is funded."
175989413,"Morning Took my meds, had a bit of coffee, and played Animal Crossing this morning a bit already. I think my succulent planters may be coming today, a day early. I’m not sure."
175989414,"Stranger Things season 3 is tough to watch. I don't like the antagonist, but I guess that's how the creators wanted. :-/"
175989415,"That's a good idea, there's so many shootings and stabbings in this neighborhood"
175989416,"I was recently clinically diagnosed with BP1. I have been treated for anxiety, depression, PTSD, and now bipolar. This is all new to me with the BP1. I am having a hard time dealing with it. I will be god willing 3 years sober 07/19. What are coping mechanisms that some of you use? That might work for me?"
175989417,"Thank you _USER_ID_ for sharing what works for you. It is appreciated. I have to distract myself too and it is hard being confined, but one day at a time. Have a good day all... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175989418,Omg next week will be so busy in my class....the amount of work just doubled....I suppose I should read ahead but not likely...I want my weekend.
175989419,It’s hard if things become like overwhelming so maybe cut them up into bite size packages.....like today I’ll do 1-2 hours of X
175989420,I was also dx with my mental illness before I was 22. then again I worked for 2 1/2 years before the age of 22.
175989421,"I'm kind of hungry, all I had today was a yogurt and two scrambled eggs but I'm too cozy and relaxed since everything is finished. Don't feel like getting up and cooking. Maybe I'll make the rice and vermicelli mix tomorrow"
175989422,"Sleep is also a major issue for me. Some nights I don’t sleep, then sleep all day. Or sleep all night AND day. Or not sleep for a couple of days. It’s my biggest concern and always has been. Hope u get some sleep bb!"
175989423,That's terrible. Maybe you need to switch to a different med?
175989424,Happy birthday DT
175989425,Half an orange bell pepper
175989426,"I have a headache in the left side of my head. Wish it would clear up. Maybe I'll ask if they'll give me Aleve, because I might be having rebound headaches and pain from the ibuprofen."
175989427,There's a lot of stuff I want to research and learn about. And I'd also like to get better at drawing. Lots of stuff to do. Don't want to sleep tonight. I feel like when I'm sleeping I'm missing out because there's stuff I could be doing and learning with that time
175989428,I’m getting into fashion because of this damn app/game I’m playing. It’s addicting Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175989429,"Well, you are alive, so... Yay!"
175989430,"Might you generally characterise yourself as an anxious and tightly wound person, _PERSON_?"
175989431,"Pants, shirt and vests"
175989432,I’m sorry to hear that _AT_MENTION_. I’m just lounging around. I feel terrible. My damn chest. Blah.
175989433,I never found help. Things have gotten so much worse. I understand ur frustration. It starts feeling pointless to even try. When there is no hope left how is it possible to do anything else?!!!
175989434,"Best wishes _PERSON_. I hope it all goes well and that you miss the storm. Healing thoughts... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175989435,"I got decaf coffee, it was on sale. So I've only had two cups of regular coffee today, it will be good to cut back on caffeine"
175989436,"I see what you mean, thank you for elaborating. Actually I'd really like to pursue this conversation at the new place. Feel free to PM if you don't already know where it's at."
175989437,"Those with mental health issues are often helped by the advice therapists and psychiatrists give them. But if mental health providers want to help those seeking their services with good advice, it helps if their clients/patients are actually able to understand what they're telling them. Some mental health providers often talk too fast, which is a real problem, especially for those with hearing issues or concentration issues. If you see a psychiatrist or therapist and you can't always follow what they're saying because they're talking to fast for you, be assertive and tell them to slow down. And if they continue to talk too fast, keep telling them to slow down until they slow down on a consistent basis. Their advice won't help you if you can't understand and comprehend the advice they're giving. Hence, it's your right to be able to talk and listen to a provider who doesn't talk too fast."
174387613,"Hey, Welcome to ps. I have schizoaffective disorder...which means I have schizophrenia and bipolar. Sounds quite a bit like a psychotic break which can happen. This could however be linked to your weed usage. I'd recommend seeing your doctor as soon as you can. PM me if you need to"
175989438,Feeling decent today
175989439,Hi _PERSON_ this is a common anxiety symptom do all you can to take your mind of your symptom and check out our resources section for some good links. _PERSON_
175989440,Awesome!!!
175989441,"My name is _NAME_, I’m nineteen I’ll be twenty next month and I’ll try to keep this somewhat short. With a birthday I never thought I’d see right around the corner I’ve been having some bad days. I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression when I was 12 and have been battling it ever since. The last few years I’ve been dealing with an on and off eating disorder that no one knows about and a marijuana addiction that I don’t wanna face. I came from an verbally, mentally, and physically abusive household that I left as soon As I could. I’ve been In a relationship and living with my boyfriend for a about a year. He is a whole post of his own. I don’t have any friends and my boyfriend has a lot. I flunked my first year of college because my mental state was too bad. No one I know wants to hear what I have to say about how I feel but then get mad when they find out I’ve felt a certain way and never said anything. Everyone expects me to be happy for them but I still have bad days. I gu
ess what I’m try to explain is that I feel really alone.. confused by the way other people treat me.. and lost in what im supposed to do in life. I’m so young but I feel like my life is supposed to have been started years ago I feel so behind. Like I’m losing time I don’t have just trying to survive myself. Would love any guidance. Dearest apologies for the mumbling that is what I write. _NAME_."
175989442,What kind of response is that when they said that is their problem. They cant get themselves to and that is a valid feeling when anxiety is a factor.
175989443,I might be getting a 58 inch tv for christmas... it's not a smart tv but it's only $219 bucks... eep (the perks of my mom working at a department store for 30 years). I'm excited
175989444,I definitely agree with you about the stressful environment. I'm pretty lucky because Normally my work isn't too stressful. The job I had before this one was really stressful but this one isn't so stressful on any given day. I'm taking meds. Not sure if Pdoc will want to change them. He seemed iffy last time but kept them the same because I told him that T thought I was doing good. I hope he doesn't just add another medication though. I'm getting sick of taking pills.
175989445,Productive day.. Need 2 meditate and such.. So much mental pain. I'm glad that I have olanzepine cuz I'd otherwise be dissociating.
175989446,"Oh WOW! You just described me. I know exactly how you feel. And quite frankly it stinks. Sometimes I get ""yelled at or in trouble"" because I try or do for others. Just because whom ever I am helping are adults and should be handling their own business doesn't mean I don't care or shouldn't help if and when I can."
175989447,Happy Birthday Desoxyn!
175989448,Sorry bluebird....
175989449,It's good to see you falcon! I was wondering how you had been doing.
175989450,"Hi All update I did increase dose to 30mg just under 2 weeks ago been hard going also working with a psychotherapist, hoping things will gradually get better think there are slight improvements but very slow. Trying to be patient and accept what comes but hard at times. Thanks for all the replies and support all helps to know others are going through the same."
175989451,"I struggle with motivation so I try to make things a routine. It's easier for me to do them if it is my routine. Like every night after dinner I read the Bible. When I come to work I do my work first and then get online to PC or whatever, but that way my tasks are done first. I'm less motivated about stuff like cleaning my room. My Mom keeps nagging me about it but it really doesn't bother me. It's not dirty, I just have a lot of stuff and no where to put it."
175989452,"I always read my ""I Am _USER_ID_ the Cat"" book when I'm feeling low, it is just so cute and sweet"
175989453,"The 'bald cats' have a soft down that can still provoke allergies. Sometimes I'm allergic. I think its the stuff they pick up on their fur more than the actual fur, cos it only happens in summer time. Like the bubonic plague. It wasn't the rat but infected fleas the rats carried that infected humans. Poor rats. It gave them such a bad name."
175989454,"Chicken Soup for the Soul: Think Positive, Live Happy. 101 Stories about Creating Your Best Life. by _NAME_ and _NAME_"
175989455,"I googled ""I can't do things"" and found this on reddit; ""Why can't I just do things? I find myself way too often lacking enough motivation to just do things. I just sit here, with this invisible cloak of sadness surrounding me. Sometimes it's not even sadness, it's just infinite boredom or nothingness, I just don't feel like doing anything. I feel like I don't want to do anything apart from getting distracted by a lot of different stuff on the internet that I am interested in, but that do not require me to actively engage with the thing in a productive manner. What makes me angry is that I DO want to do things, I really do. I have an artistic personality, I feel the urge to create, sketch, produce (not necessarily) meaningful things for me and for others to see, experience, enjoy. I just can't right now, and it's been like this for a while. I'm 22 now, and I actually remember being like this for short or long periods of time since I was a really young teenager, but I really don't remember exactl
y how I felt, and it wasn't really that bad I guess. I do remember not wanting to leave the house or even my room many, many times and feeling uncomfortable around people that were not my friends or part of my family. Sometimes I can't concentrate for more than five, even three minutes on the things I want to do without having negative thoughts and just starting to overthink everything in a totally unhealthy way, until I end up getting distracted by something new. I know I should go out to do grocery shopping, I just really don't want to. These kind of feelings are almost always with me, but they are particularly intense when there is something I am not comfortable with, like the stress for exams or deadlines. I have an exam tomorrow, and an essay to write for Tuesday, but I can't study. They are both about things I care about and I am really interested in, but I can't focus. I just feel like ****."" But no one gave any meaningful answers on how to fix this.."
175989456,So irritable and agitated tonight. Took one of my klonopin
175989457,"I have nightmares about being in school, too. I used to have them so often I had to take meds for them (which really helped)."
175989458,Slept in until 1pm. Never did that in like a year.. I'm just gonna let go and allow my room to be messy. It's snowing outside.. My mom is making turkey dinner =] Imma just browse reddit and what not
175989459,"Aim for Disney, it might be better than meds as far as restoring happiness."
175989460,Drinking a cider because I don't feel comfortable with my existence. I want to talk to people about the future and stuff and I want to have fun but I'm so bored and have to sleep the whole day and work all night.
175989461,"ughhhhhh it's day one without it, I want coffee. it's both a psychological thing and a physical thing. it's my friend"
175989462,I'm drinking my every other day cuppa chai
175989463,"Hey _PERSON_, I sent you a pm with my switch friend code"
175989464,Just 3 supplements left to take.
175989465,"I think sometimes we can cause more harm than good when we try to be supportive. There comes a time when we unintentionally enable our loved ones' negative emotions. If he is relying on you rather than seeking professional help or trying to find alternate ways of feeling better then that is going to continue to put a strain on your relationship and your own personal health. In my case im the emotional one that my partners have had to deal with in the past. My entire life I have relied on others to be my source of happiness because I never thought in a million years that I could possibly be happy with just myself. I have ruined so many relationships and even friendships of mine because I always expected them to help me get out of my own dark hole of insecurity. I pushed so many people away and pretty much blamed them for my unhappiness and loneliness. It wasn't until I started seeing a psychiatrist and a therapist to help me understand that its not other people's responsibility to make/keep me happy
. I am still struggling but I have learned that I am the only one responsible for my own emotional health and I think by finally acknowledging that it has helped motivate me to continue finding ways to make more progress. But being on the other side of the situation, you should not feel guilty for having your own emotions, I would hate myself if I found out I was making my significant other feel that way without knowing. Sometimes we get comfortable and forget that our heroes are human too. So definitely try talking to him but just remember that his personal healing has to start from within himself."
175989466,Try fish oil seriously......
175989467,Finally I'm off for the weekend. TGIF! I'm gonna work on a Christmas list right now. Mostly home decor stuff.
175989468,"Okay, I'm late as usual. BUT I've finally seen Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame. Both were excellent! I saw Thor: Rangnorak and couldn't stop laughing! I just watched both of The Magnificent Seven movies and Seven Samurai. Loved all three of them. However, I honestly enjoyed the remake of The Magnificent Seven better. Hmm...what else...due to some C-ptsd struggles these past few months I've been binge watching a ton lol. Umm...lots of really enjoyable Korean dramas (The Swindlers was EXCELLENT). I just saw the latest Joker movie. I thought that was just okay. Nothing I haven't seen before, and if it didn't have the Joker name on it would be just any other psychological thriller I suppose (even though I thought it was well done and his performance was great)."
175989469,"Hello stronger4it, I have been struggling with severe depression (and other issues) my whole life. I do need support right now but feel like no one can give it to me. I have already been to treatment, taken a myriad of medications, and had plenty of therapists. Nothing seems to help. I've never seen anyone with a case of depression this bad. Maybe they existed but took their own life."
175989470,Lol uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
175989471,"Not sue where you are right now (KY?). Sometimes in more isolated areas providers from the larger cities nearby see patients, oh, once very two or four weeks or so, depending. So, for example, someone from Louisville or Lexington (or Nashvile, if you are in that part of the state) will see people very near your town, just not every day. Have you looked into anything like that? And if you are not in KY anymore it doesn't matter, this applies in every state."
175989472,Yea I might
175989473,Gonna be in for Christmas. _PERSON_’s sister tested positive for covid. _PERSON_ is going to get tested.
175989474,I feel safe talking to you guys. I think my RL friends think I'm a bother and wouldn't understand. I'm such an annoying ***** lmao.
175989475,I'm ok. Shovelled the sidewalks. I want to be a musician.
175989476,My mom took it for a while but had to stop because the diarrhea was so severe. YMMV.
175989477,Morning! Finished work for the morning. Getting ready to run to the banks and stop by my guys again. Not much to do today. I’m a little tired but I don’t really want to sleep. I feel like I’m forgetting something but I don’t know what.
175989478,"Thanx, Good! It's all worth trying. Best thoughts with all you are going through! Keep us posted you find the support helpful. We'll be here to keep you encouraged! S.C."
175989479,_NAME_ BOWIE - THE HEART'S FILTHY LESSON - LIVE LORELEY 1996 - HQ - YouTube
175989480,My memory isn't great. I think it's the AP. I used to have a decent memory but sometimes I struggle to come up with the correct word even.
175989481,I've been listening to a lot of Scandinavian music lately. I like how natural and dark it is.
175989482,I requested _NAME_ - Diary of a Young Girl from my library. Read it in elementary school but don't remember any of the details so want to re-read it
175989483,The message is sad and I feel you but the way you express it cracked me up ?
175989484,_PERSON_ Brain by _NAME_. Unlocking the Ancient Science of Enlightenment.
175989485,I'm like halfway through an _NAME_ book and it's good it's just I have no motivation to finish it.
175989486,Aren’t we just chatty.
175989487,Do you have enough to take the increased dose until then?
175989488,"So I rarely call my mom now, and apparently calling her today, she has no time for me. And claims again I have all this free time. So, you know what, let's scale back calling her even more. How about I just dont at all? _PERSON_."
175989489,So every couple of days when the battery runs low I just stick it in the charger and go without tracking anything for a few hours
175989490,Idk why people take drugs. Like street drugs. Being completely sober is the most scary and eye-opening thing known to man. Almost everybody drinks or drugs or smokes cigs or something.
175989491,Haha yea nonono I want to have a kid.
174387685,How is thorazine ? I'm looking to get off my seroquel. I've been on it for 16 years!! But its causing me apathy and depression . I want to have hobbies and enjoy things again . Lately I feel like I dint exist outside of work. Its caused a lot of sui urges lately . What are the side effects like ? Is it sedating at all? I'd need something to help me sleep but not make me so depressed
175989492,"I’ve got a different book by him, I got it to get the receptor interactions for all the APs...."
175989493,I'm doing pretty well for 3 hours of sleep last night. I don't feel like doing anything right now but staring off into space and listening to music.. Imagining things..
175989494,I wouldn’t chance it.
175989495,I don't think I'm 100% full blown at the moment... I know I still need my meds and that I need them adjusted... I can communicate. I can function. The demons are just always there and always screaming.
175989496,Took a walk at a park and ran some sprints.
175989497,"Don't know where you are, but the Houston aquarium is tiny and not that great."
175989498,Yes but I need to take the fish oil.
175989499,Does anyone know anything about sleep related hallucinations? I'll ocassionally hear something before falling asleep and sometimes waking up. I dont hear anything throught the day.
175989500,Omg. First time I put on pants in 2 weeks. And their extremely tight... They were loose just 2 weeks ago. Like really loose. Fck.
175989501,Thanks! I need more people to talk to. I am having a tough time right now because I see people who are higher functioning like in my family and it makes me feel bad that my parents take care of me like a child.
175989502,"I'm hungry too. I eat too much candy, I should cut way back. But I have anxiety here and boredom and candy helps. On the positive side, I got my meds including my inhaler! My friend's friend called this morning to the nurse supervisor and I got my meds!!! I'm wondering who lied and said I got them last night. Whoever it is they should be sent to jail for six months at least. Possible trigger: Just saw that commercial for the bacon cheeseburger on the pretzel bun and I'm craving it now. Also, at some time soon I want a quarter pounder with cheese. In August I ate the super sized french fries first, and then I didn't have room for the sandwich. But McDonald's fries are only edible for about an hour or less after buying them. I should just order Uber eats because I can't go anywhere. I wish I were back in 2006-2008 with my bicycle and freedom."
175989503,"I was mad but maybe I need to be more responsible for myself....this turned out poorly and my Uber’s last night were totally weird....one was partly deaf, like I got a pop up before he arrived....the other covered her whole car in sheets....weird but maybe there are pukers that time of night? Maybe this is a lesson or something?"
175989504,"Your having depression and it comes whenever it wants your not crazy you just need to be aware of your depression and do not give into those thoughts you can over come them and with everything going on in the world just has everyone on edge just take a deep breath and continue being around your loved ones but please don't end your life you matter to me even thought I don't know you because you have parents family and friends that will miss you, you will overcome this you can call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1-_PHONE_NO_"
175989505,"I probably feel anxious even thought i dont notice it. Thanks for the edvice ill go and speak with my counselor. :,) animeweeb11qwq"
175989506,"Life is meaningless until we find its meaning for ourselves. Seek, and ye shall find. Knock, and the door shall be opened to you."
175989507,"That's great, glad your appointment went well"
175989508,Pumpkin bread?
175989509,I too have used aripiprozol for bi polar.... Hope things get better far ya nanete. Cilly???????? HT
175989510,"I don't remember the meds I was on either _AT_MENTION_ I hate when I have to give a med history. I'm always like, um, something with an L and something with an E. And the doctor has to list a bunch of names until I'm like, that one!"
175989511,I'm going to have scalloped potatoes and ham for lunch with an apple and a pear.
175989512,Took my morning meds except the B12 supplement. I forgot to bring it to my parents' house. Will take the night meds soon.
175989513,"I’m am a 17 year old high school student who is currently and has been for about a couple of years been battling with depression. I just feel like a burden on some people and I feel unwanted by everyone. People show there love for me and that they care but I still don’t feel loved. I know that sounds dumb but it doesn’t feel genuine. I have never found luck in love, never being able to get into a relationship. I play sports but i am still very overweight. During this quarantine especially I have been very depressed especially on the fact that I hang out alone most of the time. I have a great family life but I don’t really have the connection of talking to my family about my problems. Everything I enjoyed during quarantine and before quarantine isn’t there anymore. The joy I had before is no longer there. I just feel trapped and alone with myself and my state of mind. I am constantly overthinking things and always thinking of the bad never the good. I have had times where I have had suicid
al thoughts but I know I can never go through with it because of my love for my family and thinking about not going to heaven if I do go through with it. Mental health is something very important to me yet it seems to be the weakest part of me. And I’m not calling for attention I just want help on ways to improve my state of mind and cure my depression."
175989514,Just watched the new _PERSON_ King
175989515,"So sorry you are going through this. I have suffered from depression since age 17. I, too, have suffered detrimental effects of antidepressants. Through recent blood tests it was discovered that was significantly low in Vitamin D. I now have been supplementing with Vit. D3 supplements. It has been over 2 weeks, and now I am starting to feel the depression lift, and I sleep better at night. In addition to this, I have now started my morning routine inclusion of turning on YouTube and singing, dancing and exercising to my favorite hits. Just 15 minutes is a wonderful start for my day. It jump starts the metabolism and sets my mood in a positive, upbeat way. Diet is important. Avoid too much sugar. Eat fresher, less processed foods. I know, hard to do these days. I hope this helps."
175989516,"I think I tried to buy your book and amazon refunded me for some reason or didn’t send it. Idk. It could’ve been cuz they charged me the next day and couldn’t draft the funds after I paid bills. But _NAME_ order it again. I’d rather have it on paper than ebook, tbh."
175989517,"Hello, I’m writing this post with a question. The experts I’ve talked too said that the schizoaffective disease, I have, is a life long disease. Has anyone else had this said to them? Do you guys think this disease will require medication for life?"
175989518,"If this may become a philosophy thread, I would say I agree with _PERSON_ here. Just because I don't think time and space are empirical. We don't ""know"" about time and space because of experience. They are conditions of possibiltiy (transcendental, might we say?) Anyway, wanted to say happy birthday to _PERSON_ as well!"
175989519,At least a month.....
175989520,I’ve recently been riddled with anxiety and panic attacks The anxiety happens all day every day and the panic attacks happen randomly My dr has started me on 10 mg of Paxil which I just started about 5 days ago When can I expect to get some relief from this anxiety? How will I know if the medication isn’t working? Thank you
175989521,"I will occasionally buy myself flowers. I am also practicing self-talk more lately, being so socially isolated because of the pandemic. I try to follow a routine. If I don't have routine, I'd just sink into my daybed and watch tv 24/7. I already did that off/on for the past 30 years. I can't stomach doing that anymore. I've lost so much time by doing that. So, I'm really trying to forgive myself, which is REALLY hard."
175989522,My lower back hurts too tho. Especially since I started using this new thing today.
175989523,"Spent my usual Sunday with my family. I did laundry and helped my folks take down their Christmas decorations. I was really tired this morning for some reason and slept in very late. Still, I'm feeling pretty good so far today, feeling upbeat. While I realize a lot of people wish they didn't have to get back to work after the holidays, I wish I had a job to go to. I've been disabled for a long time now and haven't been able to work but my T thinks I'm ready. I think I feel ready, too."
175989525,Lol.. these things are hard yknow.. everyone pressures me to not do things like this - but it's for the better =P Things will be good.. xD
175989526,"I do that too, it's definitely a good idea"
175989527,"I can't even fathom the idea of being a manager of any kind. I would not survive. All that I would have to say to my subordinates is ""gimme that, you're doing it wrong"", and all that I would have to say to my superiors is ""###$ you, you're not the boss of me. oh wait "". To me the whole purpose of earning money is to avoid that kind of #######4 in my life."
175989528,Going grocery shopping tomorrow to get the stuff to make that hamburger hash crockpot recipe.
175989529,"I'm home, gonna eat some mac n cheese for supper, super easy. Feeling pretty good"
175989530,"I'm sorry, Blue. Do you keep any prn's around for this sort of thing?"
175989531,"New day! Although I was tortured with anxiety last night and couldn't sleep (Or heart failure if that's what it is - Then I said ""Just do it heart - STOP - LET ME DIE IN PEACE ALREADY"") but I can't think that way. Took 1.5mg alprazolam. Not good.. I'll try and chew less nicotine gum today to lower my blood pressure. Vyvanse kicked in at noon so I don't have to worry about dp/dr until like mindnight instead of 4-5pm!"
175989532,It's cold here now. Just ordered some new _USER_ID_ slippers.
175989533,"I've heard it described as FOMO, Fear of Missing Out, when you're constantly checking phone/facebook notifications and whatnot and can't focus because of it. It's not a diagnosis or anything just something people experience the more they are constantly checking their phones and stuff in this digital age"
175989534,"Since the 10mg of olanzepine every night and taking the Vyvanse later in the day, I barely even worry about panic anymore."
175989535,A little tired. It's 5:15 am here...
175989536,I want therapy! I don’t see anyone except my psychiatrist like every two years
175989537,"Glad you’re back. I’m ok just obsessing over coronavirus, stockpiling food and pulling out my n95 respirators."
175989538,How did that happen I thought you had seen every one?
175989539,Yikes it is 3am isnt it? Ugh.
175989540,I'm supposed to be getting bloodwork soon
175989541,I guess that means my care management appointments here are cancelled for at least the next month or a few and of course all activities
175989542,"No. Hallucinations and delusions (I've only had the latter) are phenomenological objects--they're not physically perceptible. Do thoughts appear on a screen when you record them? No. So, similarly, a hallucination would not, either. They are mental phenomena that certainly are real to those who experience them (I cannot comment on specifics because I've never had what a psychiatrist has called a true hallucination). I've certainly had disturbing mental experiences though."
175989543,The max is supposed to be 30mg....
175989544,"Hey guys. Thought I would say hi to you guys who aren’t on Snapchat. I’ve been doing well, working on self improvement and stuff by digging into psychology. _NAME_ is coming over in 3 weeks, so excited for that. How are you guys?"
175989545,"Roll call seemed a little bare last night, too. I guess people are doing things. I suppose. I don't know. I am not usually on roll call that much but I need to check in. I am doing fine, just doubting everything (just about). I hate having doubts about things. Like therapy and things like that. I doubt nearly everything."
175989546,"So I had to pay out of pocket for my medication or keep having withdrawal symptoms waiting for the pre-authorization to go through. I wouldnt have gotten it today btw if I did. I went to walmart pharmacy and they said I would have to pay 400 dollars for geodon out of pocket. I looked at fiance and started crying. I didnt know what to do. I was scared. I almost walked away and didnt get it but I asked if they can apply goodrx. They said yes and itll be 52 dollars. So I waited 15 min. Then they said they can only give me a 3 day supply because they dont have enough. So I got worried. But then they said I can get the 3 day supply at no charge today, and to pick up the rest in 3 days for 52 dollars. I just wanted to cry. Because I was so scared and I couldn't even drive myself cuz my head was _USER_ID_."
175989547,OMG it is boring at work today. Only three of us here. There were four but one person went home after like three hours. I think the phone has rang twice all day. Only an hour left so I guess that's good.
175989548,No worries slumberkitty - Taking things is fading surely but slowly..
174387770,"Abilify made me have ""No insight to risk"" or ""Not admitting to/aware of self harm"""
175989549,In this world (murder) by Good _NAME_
175989550,"I've been replacing my daily energy drink habit with a daily 1L bottle of coke. As an addict, I can tell you that soda hits the spot not like euphoria but like.. Stops craving from other things and pain of things which I'm stressed about.."
175989551,"Keep taking your meds, they're good for you. And hard to replace if you get rid of them. At least, it is for me. My insurance won't cover another refill if I were to get rid of or somehow misplace my meds unfortunately, I'd have to wait another month to get my next refill and by then things could be bad"
175989552,"Not sure what I'm gonna play today, maybe Let's Go _USER_ID_, level up more Pokemon so I can challenge more Pokemon Masters"
175989553,Should I call my doctor tomorrow or wait? I have slept 4 hours total since Sunday night
175989554,I'm crying by myself. I'm sitting here hiding and crying by myself. Kids are occupied with video games and animals and my roommates are busy elsewhere. I need a hug. I'm not worth their time.
175989555,A Holly Jolly Christmas - _NAME_
175989556,It took about 5 weeks for me for the full effect but started to feel it in the third week. I was on 50mg
175989557,"Since I live with my parents I don't know much about these things, but I think it can't hurt to ask. They can either say yes, or no, or yes but it will cost you more money."
175989558,Progress is not a straight line. Or so I’ve been told I’m honestly struggling a lot with that myself. Sometimes when I feel like I can’t catch my breath I try to read or watch something that takes me away from reality. It can feel like a breath of fresh air so you can have to take some things in your life on. But be careful this can also be an avoidance tactic if you let it. Let yourself step away from reality for a little bit but don’t close yourself off from reality.
175989559,Yeah I've got Male pattern baldness. It still grows at the back and side of my head but I dont like the Mr burns look so I shave it all lol
175989560,"""Rational mysticism, which encompasses both rationalism and mysticism, is a term used by scholars, researchers, and other intellectuals, some of whom engage in studies of how altered states of consciousness or transcendence such as trance, visions, and prayer occur. Lines of investigation include historical and philosophical inquiry as well as scientific inquiry within such fields as neurophysiology and psychology."" This is so me.."
175989561,Making cinnamon rolls right now
175989562,"Hi _PERSON_, I am sorry to hear that you are still struggling with the anxiety and frustration....I understand how this feels. I lash out at my loved ones at times too because of my pent up stress...and end up feeling guilty about it as well. So the fact that you are seeking to cope with your anxiety with some exercise is a great step to take, as exercise has proven to be one of the things that can help with management! _PERSON_ suggestion of walking is a great one! You can put your baby in a carrier or sports stroller if you have one...and do this together! You can also find wonderful exercise tutorials on line with anything from aerobics to yoga...and work these while you little one plays in a bouncer/exersaucer, or naps! Wishing you the best on getting the stress relief that you need. We are cheering you on, so let us know how you are doing soon, okay my friend? S.C"
175989563,Hope it goes well _AT_MENTION_
175989564,I get the teen dystopian fiction vibe.....
175989565,"Hmm.... The thing with me is that I pretty well always anticipate and process stressful things in advance, so that when the event hits, I am usually just resigned to the outcome because I have predicted it and worked through it already."
175989566,Just got back from walking with a friend down the park trails
175989567,"I just had a great conversation on the phone with my sister. She made me realize that I have made a lot of progress over the past 5 years: -I'm much, much more independent -I lost 100 lbs in a year and kept it off -I paid off a debt to my college -My mood is much more more stable -I have better coping skills -I have my own nice apartment -I'm more responsible -I have some college education (haven't finished my associate's degree, yet though)"
175989568,"From context, I would guess that the 'borderline' in question refers to _PERSON_ 'borderline level of personality organization', where the sense of self is fleeting and fragmented. The borderline level would include several personality disorders, including SPD and BPD. It's a model that isn't very common any more, to my knowledge, but is perhaps still useful at times."
175989569,Literally everything is so complex Can't wait until I'm old and everything makes sense OH WAIT IT STILL WON'T What dooooo I do>?? >.> >< So many realms.. I have an addiction to imagination... I sit here and have a type of hallucinations.. Too tired to do anything Hopefully planet Nibiru will come
175989570,I am feeling a little better today. Not fabulous but a little better. My T texted me this morning. I texted her back. Then she just texted me back. It's nice knowing I'm not alone. Plus I have you guys! HUGS
175989571,Walking to get ice cream. It's 90F out.
175989572,Meh... It’ll never be ok.
175989573,This is good to hear.
175989574,I think I'm getting off the med. Idk. It's only the first few hours after taking it and it's making my heart race
175989575,I've not ate today.
175989576,Cant get into my old Ebay account to sell the phones. Long story. Made a new one. But because it's new I cant sell anything over 500 dollars. Cant get into my att account either. Called my mom. She doesn't care. So if my brother in laws phone goes off idgaf because I asked my sister and mom for 2 WEEKS to get their own account. So I'm done. Actually longer than that and my sister still didnt so not my problem. Be different if they cared so oh well. I'm sick of living my life for a family who doesn't give a fluck about me and just wants to do what they want to do.
175989577,I get my new phone Tuesday!
175989578,I think a side effect some people have is anxiety so be mindful of that.
174387779,"I love my dad so much. I think I might go crazy. I once said to my mom, ""Don't drink so much that I have to take care of you"" and she said ""I just might anyways"" - And I had to take care of her. I felt like she didn't care about me. A lot of my problems are because of neglect. My mom tries but this is just the way life is (I seem to be so wise yet such a new soul, young, unlucky, innocent even though I've been through some ****_NAME_ up ****). Well I feel like buying research chemicals ""just because"". It's literally my only coping mechanism. I'm not like normal people that get pleasure easily by little things.. Although I should be open to better self care types of things (Which I am) - I mean, I meditate, exercise, go to coffee connections to talk to strangers and open up (All thanks to the psychedelic trip). I'm sick. Very sick.. I hope you all keep finding comfort. I think it's like an autistic self-stimming thing for me - Oddly enough, stimulants too. But I love you all.. I don't have man
y outlets. I have very unique groups of friends online. My research chemical friends are like me. We (Including this Roll Call group) are very sane. I feel so normal even though diagnosed with schiz I think because I'm so freaked out by how ""crazy"" everyone ELSE is. Don't mind me just venting... If things go well, I'm gonna hippie flip with my hippie friend here in town. I'm gonna ask my mom for approval. I just don't want to lose my head - Yknow? I remember that woman in the psych ward that walked up to me during the morning in the med line and had bumps on her head.. She said: ""You seem too smart - Try meth and you'll be stupid like me - It's ok to be stupid"".. She hit her head against the wall because she couldn't sleep. She said ""You kind of know the secret thing"" and said that a few other people in the med line knew it too.. She said that she would see me again (And this was after being admitted to the hospital after my shroom overdose). Being in the psych ward has scarred me for life. But anyways, 
yeah.. I should be wiser and calmer.. But I have a vision as I've said.. I hope that my dad won't die right now and life will be .. Not easier.. But like, better.. I feel like GOD wants to take my dad away from me or something. It happened last year with my mom. I always want to bargain with GOD (Even though I don't really believe in God because I used to be an atheist) when something is going to be taken from me in an OCD way - I say, ""I won't do this and then this will happen' or ""I will do this (Compulsion) and this will happen"".. Ugh... Nvm.. Just venting.. Not in the right state of mind. And the main thing I wanted to say was that yknow the state of the world right? It's messed up.. I feel self destructive.. Nothing like this has ever happened in peoples lives... Maybe it's illuminati but I really don't care.. I don't want to join the illuminati.. The way I think of it is this: There's a bad illuminati, but there also has to be a good illuminati right?? People that are secretly controlling things for 
the sake of good. But what is good or bad?? It's all subjective. No one is in control said _NAME_. He had schizophrenia I think.. I would just keeeep onnn with the word salad it seems if I wasn't good at articulating in the past.. More experience will be better when I learn from mistakes, learn habits and know more, experience more.. My dad will be ok. He's always gotten sick/cancer/pneumonia in foreign countries.. Just this time I know about it.. And life goes on.."
175989579,So far my state hasn't fallen into hell with vaping bans. Really hoping it won't. I've been tweeting to the governor. If my friend comes this weekend maybe we can go to the new location of the vape store. I also want to try the opiate type of kratom (but not for vaping it but supposedly this is their failsafe in case of a ban).
175989580,"Yes. We're all here because we don't think like everyone else and exist as a minority. It doesn't matter what condition each person has, if it's not neurotically then it's going cause problems. All therapists do is try to help people think differently. They're the paid version of seeking another perspective. -- 04 Jul 2020, 07:44 -- Correct, and being psychologically abnormal, as people here tend to be, confirmation bias is going to take you nowhere good. It takes strength to step outside yourself and accept being wrong."
175989581,It took me longer to get to sleep than usual so I think I got like 6.5 hours of sleep.
175989582,"Kinda bored. Eating, but it’s the first thing I had today. Beans and rice."
175989583,Great input. Cheers. HT
175989584,I feel so sad
175989585,"I know right?! Something similar to AA or NA group/ zoom meetings. I think it'll be very beneficial to alot of ppl. Lately I've just been wanting someone to talk to about my anxiety & depression, but dont really have anyone to talk to. Atleast I found this forumn. ?"
175989586,I don’t think it’s a manic thing tho. I think it’s a idk-how-to-manage-money thing.
175989587,No I'm not.
175989588,Everything is perfect in the world I got once got really mad at someone for saying that
175989589,Went for a 13km walk. Feeling unfocused. Wish I could take a dexedrine to increase dopamine
175989590,My new laptop arrived at my sister's house. I had it shipped to her so I didn't have to risk it getting stolen here. I haven't had anything stolen before I just wanted to be cautious since it's such an expensive item. I'll get it when I go to her house to sleep over this weekend
175989591,Blue and red lights are supposed to be the best. I think the blue makes them grow and red is used to make them flower.
175989592,"I hope you get more sleep. Lack of sleep is a massive problem. I think it's the worst thing for me - Makes me very paranoid and my mind becomes broken.. All of the thoughts, emotions - Shatters into small pieces.."
175989593,Took me 4 hours to falls asleep last night cuz I have hyper awareness of the heart. It was hell sort of. Kept waking up. I should cut down on the energy drinks. Gonna go mountain biking at noon =]
175989594,Beta blockers blocking the adrenaline in my body But i like adrenaline. I feel like a zombie. I hate this. Along with the antipsychotics. I don't even have ruminative thoughts anymore. I'm just calm and don't want to do anything.
175989595,Not today but I did yesterday. I might tonight or tomorrow morning for sure.
175989596,"My chest hurts a bit, and I feel rundown still."
175989597,_PERSON_ Pepper
175989598,"Morning! So sick of not sleeping and being tired . Busy day today. Jumping in the shower, getting the kids up, bringing my daughter to camp, bank, work, pick daughter up, meet the car dealership guy, maybe buy a car(?), go see my guys wife (he f’ing bailed on her yesterday...packed a bag and left), work a bit more, go to the store, cook dinner, die of exhaustion. So sad for my guy and his wife. Ugh. He’s acting like a child. I felt terrible. She’s been calling me quite a bit but didn’t say anything. So finally I grabbed $ and told her I’d be by. I figured she wanted to smoke. I got there and she burst into tears. Broke my heart. Hoping they’ve made up but I told her I’d come by today for a smoke and some laughs. Ugh...old people drama!"
175989599,I'm kind of mad at pdoc still. Just need to be on 30 mg of Abilify already and he won't let me yet. It's annoying since I know I've been on 30 mg before and it was more helpful than what I'm taking now. Ugh.
175989600,"I think I'm allergic to the sun, my entire face and neck was itching horribly when I was outside today since it was really sunny"
175989601,"Honestly, no, therapy doesn't help me much with severe depression. It's mostly meds that help. I'm just concerned that during this time it's going to be brutal and I basically have nothing to do. I guess I can find other things to do. Things other than the IOP group. I just kind of have to go it alone I guess."
174387844,"Last night I was working on custom map modding for a game. I can’t believe I did it. I mean I know why I can’t but I don’t too. I always seem to surprise myself with technology or anything really. That I’m able to do the stuff I do. I truly can NOT find or know anyone else besides my dad that seems to be a renaissance person or woman or _NAME_ of all trades. Maybe people online but not in person. I don’t quite understand why more people aren’t versed in multiple things. Not even a little bit. When I found out fiancé had a gaming computer I thought he was really smart with that stuff. Turns out I am more than him. Also, it seems as if I go through many days of depression and then maybe 2-3 days of hypo. All while hearing stuff daily whether depressed or not, or hypo or not. Also delusions. It never turns into mania tho. So maybe I am schizoaffective. Not that I ever doubted it!"
175989602,"I'm not sure why you are so fixated on SPD. You said that, by his own admission, his problem is the lack of a job. Maybe he is SPD, but it has a high co-morbidity with depression and unemployment commonly leads to depression. Instead of suggesting therapy to essentially change his fundamental personality, he might be more responsive to seeing a psychiatrist who can evaluate him for depression or efforts to help him find meaningful employment."
175989603,I'm 45 was 44 at the time. My mom came to my initial appointments. I was pretty out of it. Told the doctor the meds I tried how she had lost hope. He told her I have a med that works. Now I have a job an apartment and am doing well. I don't know what I'll do when mom dies. She's really been there for me. She doesn't go now that I'm stable.
175989604,"Lays Ruffles chips, onion dip, and peanut butter cup chocolate ice cream"
175989605,"Good morning, everyone! I'm new here, so I'm trying to get the hang of how this board works. Been taking the tests on this site that simply confirm all my disgnoses and add one more that I've suspected for awhile... Autism Spectrum Disorder. Still need to have it diagnosed by the doctor, and not going to do anythi h about it anyway as I've been coping with it for, say, 55 years. Hugs to everyone! Have a great day! ??"
175989606,"I made mac n cheese, super easy meal"
175989607,The Black _PERSON_ -Lets Get it Started
175989608,Yeah has got like two inhalers and stuff....but he still has the occasional chocolate despite it all. I was looking up red sauce that doesn’t cause it and I found a recipe that had bicarbonate(baking soda) in it to neutralize it...apparently it works for some people but I’m not sure how it affects taste.
174387843,"I posted what I wrote here on reddit and someone said; ""If you are asking if what you wrote made sense.... I am sorry sweetie but no. I couldn't follow any of this post really."" And ""I think a schizophrenic problem is wasting time high on abstract thought instead of retaining knowledge."" (I wish I knew how to fix this). My mom and sister are gone to the city for the night and I'm alone and scared."
175989609,My condolences to you and the family. HT
175989610,"Yay it's raining! Love rainy days, been awhile since we've had one. Perfect for reading. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, when my friend and I went to the rose garden at the end of May, it was just too early in the season for the roses bloom. When I was talking to my therapist yesterday she said she was there last week and everything has bloomed and looks gorgeous. So I'll have to check it out again sometime and take pics."
175989611,"I just suck at focusing lately. I just have so much trouble. My exam is next Sunday and I don't feel ready at all. No matter how much coffee, Monster, and diet Coke I drink I can't bring myself to focus on studying. My mind is too busy. And I'm annoying the **** out of everyone around me complaining about it. I'm annoying myself."
175989612,_NAME_ look up writing business plans.
175989613,Thank you _AT_MENTION_. You are always so kind
175989614,"Instead of thinking of ending your life without her, can you just end the relationship with her? I had a wife who was impossible, also, and she had a fatal disease. I was forced to be without her, and I've done alright by myself. Do you think you could make it on your own?"
175989615,"I feel sore from yesterday’s 2 hour walk but it’s a good feeling too, I needed the exercise"
175989616,Painted my nails then sautéed some mushrooms. Wasn't sure what I wanted for dinner so just had some of them
175989617,Well for me I would say I'm leaning more towards pro meds like a 3 or 4 because they have helped me alot but lately I'm starting to think that neither actually define me. I think my meds define how bad my mental illness will be but I no longer feel that my mental illness is defining who I am. Lately I've been talking to my family about going to trade school and learning something to help me out career wise. But there are times like if I miss my doses I get a bit of hallucinations but they don't scare me anymore well not like they used to. I also feel like I'm taking control of my mental illness and how it will have an impact on my life. Not gonna lie alot of this kind of progress is thanks to my family for being supportive and I thank them for that.
175989618,Good morning =] Sunny day for hiking. Took an extra vyvanse cuz I was tired as hell.
175989619,Awesome!
175989620,"I actually met _NAME_ once, believe it or not. We had a long, enlightening conversation. ""Hi!"" I screamed, and he waved at me and everyone else."
175989621,I went on holidays and missed school and didn't learn about the chinese new year. I have no idea what it is. I don't care to know. But I've learned over time to start caring about things that slip by.. Like learning to remember spellings and different words that I don't know the meaning to. Some people are naturally born with this skill and for me it was so debilitating that it took over my life for everything that I did. It took psychedelics to bring me back to that child like state where what the world did to me after birth was erased.
175989622,Hi folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175989623,I feel like garbage again. Can't work or do things.
175989624,Trying to read _NAME_ in the original French now. Ha. Difficult to say the least.
175989625,Terekke - Damn EP [2011] - YouTube dark downtempo.
175989626,My Daddy grows onions on his allotment but they're not incestuous ones.
175989627,Are you back from it yet?
175989628,Happiness to all. HT
175989629,"My doctor says that I need to relax and stop researching things all the time - I need to have ""mind candy"" like reading traveller stories (He reads detective stories and watches sports cuz he's non-stop intense all day talking to patients and doesn't go home to read medical books and such). He wants me to be discharged tomorrow and talk with him twice a week or so so I don't have to be in the hospital. He wants to talk to my mom alone about me - I did something wrong? Lol idk.. He's going to prescribe alprazolam twice a day (Or clonazepam?) idk... But I said ""0.25mg"" is good so we agreed on that.. He said it's for short term (I guess to develop neuroplasticity and forget about panicking about panicking). Things will be ok maybe idk He said that I did very well by staying out of the hospital for 2+ years. I had a good run..."
175989630,"This is incredible to realize there are other people like me who have the same issues. I’m just in this constant state of “meh”. I could be in the shower feeling okay, then have this huge breakdown and not know how to stop. I have no will to get up and do anything, but just sit here and feel bad about myself. Any ideas to help with that?"
175989631,Yo everyone. Just ran on the treadmill so feel accomplished. I have been having Possible trigger: thoughts of suicide lately however. This is so frustrating. I don't know what else to do. Sorry to bother people with this crap. I was thinking about bringing it up with my T.
175989632,"Hi guys. Just popping in to say ""hey"" Been busy with work this week. I had a T session last night with Pastor T which went way better than last weeks and then I have a T session tomorrow with Regular T. And today is the 50th day of NO SH for me! I'm happy and proud of myself. I just found out that the controller from my work is going to come out here to CA probably next week. I'm excited because she can show me some stuff on the software, but I'm also nervous because sometimes I don't have enough stuff to do during the day and I don't want to be without work to do while she is here. I was terribly frustrated with myself about work yesterday but today has been so much better. I came in early and was able to fix the problem right away. I guess I just needed to step away and see it with fresh eyes. I'm not overly depressed today, I'm just tired. Wish I could take a nap! But that's alright. I have to teach tonight. And Friday night I am going to a friends so it's a busy week for me. Thursday is my on
ly free night. I thought I was going to have to read the book for book club on Thursday night but I remembered this weekend we are going to the opera instead. So at least I have one night to chill. I guess things are going pretty good today. I feel sort of better than normal for me. And my parents are picking up my meds at the pharmacy so I won't run out. HUGS for everyone!!! _PERSON_"
175989633,"As long as the thoughts are just passing, but if they get worse or more frequent I would call therapist and let them know. I think we have all thought about it from time to time, but you don't want to act or think of it a lot. Try not to let it worry you, it will make you anxious. Call your therapist if it persists. Hang in there. The social isolation is getting to a lot of us. It is normal to be down, but try not to stay there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989634,Anxiety can give all those symptoms so we will never know
175989635,I think I burned the top of my mouth on my lunch!
175989636,Lmao! I fell asleep AGAIN. And look what I wake up to now. Eggs and toast!
175989637,"Lucky, lucky, lucky ...bf went out shopping early and brought home donuts ...apple fritter for me, yay!"
175989638,"_PERSON_, since you've had more stress lately due to marriage issues, have you tried meditating? It may help you."
175989639,Have pumpkin bars baking
175989640,Oh. I need to reenter it. I made another domain name.
175989641,"_USER_ID_... I just wanted to say that I really like your post and your way of looking at things. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989642,"yeah, and today we have freezing rain"
175989643,"It will pass. Borderline is when people leave you.. Idk don't mind me I just label people.. Dysphoria doesn't mean a transgender thing but it means the opposite of ""Euphoria"".. The thing that addicts chase.."
175989644,Do you have to keep them cold while travelling? I'm starting Humira as soon as my insurance approval goes through.
175989645,"I’m not a fan of it, but it’s really good for you. Full of electrolytes. Good for hydration."
175989646,I’m sorry _AT_MENTION_
175989647,"Change is difficult for me because it alters the way I think about things. Which is obvious. It does for everyone. But my thinking doesn’t adjust or shift easily, making dealing with change sometimes a debilitating act. It forces me into an altered state. Where if too many things are different, it’s like it triggers my fear response. And I freeze. Or I explode. Fleeing or fighting. When things change too quickly, I get confused. Like I’m not synced with time. Causing me to feel overwhelmed. Angry. Leading to meltdowns. And often if forced to change, I fall back into old grooves. The negative ones. The ones that tell me that the change is dangerous. That something bad could happen. That I will be out of control. And ultimately, that my entire well-being is at stake. This happens with even the most subtle of changes. Like the placement of our bed in our new house. Always wanting my husband to sleep closer to the door, I now have to sleep to his right instead of to his left, which means I’m no
w sleeping on the opposite side. Which also means that I face him when lying on my left side, the side I’m accustomed to sleeping on, but I like to sleep facing out. So now I’m trying to sleep on my right side. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/neurodivergent/2019/08/neurodiversity-and-mental-health-learning-to-accept-change-in-order-to-grow/"
175989648,Nice!!..........
175989649,"Hey, Blue--are you saying your pdoc has noone taking calls on weekends? That is not even legal in the US!"
175989650,I am too idk what it is for me
175989651,I've suffered long enough. I've tried everything I know of to deal with my anxiety without medication. Today I will meet virtually to talk to my doctor about long term medication help. Not sure what he will recommend. I've feared the side effects of medication. That is why I reisist. Please give me some encouragement that it can help and it won't be so bad. These feelings I live with are too harsh and over the last 5 months it has gotten worse than in the last 6 years.
175989652,_NAME_....my microwave died so I needed something
175989653,"Last week I realized as a matter of fact that I will fall asleep earlier when I get up earlier in the morning. (Sounds too obvious, however works for me I hope it's ok to share a thought about your internship: Can you discuss the gas topic with the company ? Maybe they can support you. Money is never really an issue for companies. The issue is more the justification for spendings than the availability of money, and f you give a justification - like otherwise I can't but I'm sooo motivated (bla bla ... - money maybe gets you there. Good luck"
175989654,"Wow I feel like I could have wrote this. Word for word I feel the exact same way. I’m so sick of feeling like this too. Especially because I’ve felt better before so I know it’s possible. I just don’t get why now I can’t or why doctors can’t help me. I see a therapist too and it just seems pointless. I don’t even feel like I’m living anymore like I’m just existing. I want answers desperately like am I a lost cause because if I am I wish I could just know now so I can stop wasting my time and having false hope, but I really hope not. I think just right now the world is such a shit show that it amplifies how bad we feel and our depression. I hope we both get help and answers soon. Hang in there."
175989655,"This will be hard but you have to make peace with it. I think you might still be holding on because you think it’s your fault. It’s not. It’s easy to say that, but it will take a while to really feel that way. Focus on the present. Take things day by day, hour by hour, even minute by minute if you have to. Try not to let it consume you. I also think it might be good to forgive them. That doesn’t mean letting them back in your life, by no means do I think that is a good idea. I think that forgiveness isn’t really about the other party, it’s about you. You can never undo what they did to you. It happened. This is the way your family chose to act. It’s not fair to you, and it hurts you and that was wrong of them, but that’s what they chose. That’s not on you. It’s on them. You’re taking that off your shoulders. It doesn’t belong to you. It was their choice. I think forgiveness is really about moving on. I also think it’s important to realize that they way they treated you has 
nothing to do with your worth. You are priceless. Nothing can take that away. You are endlessly worthy simply by being you. The way they treated you says everything about who they are, and nothing about who you are."
175989656,"I am on lamotrigine and really frustrated. I'm considering changing meds but it's a huge decision and want to talk to other women also on it. So I have constant brain fog zero patience and feel like I'm never really really happy anymore. I rarely laugh and have fun. When I have an orgasm it's not the same, it's hard to explain but it's like it's going up and up and up and up but never gets right to the top if that makes sense? I orgasm but it's like a budget orgasm I want to have a top of the range with bells on ones again. Any reply would be amazing!! Oh I have epilepsy by the way !! Thanks ladies xx"
175989657,Slowly but surely. My main issue now is anxiety about dying and being scared to get in a car with anyone anymore because I saw the grim reaper a few days ago.
175989658,"Life.. Depends on how you look at it. All the things people say to do - Overcome pain, treat others as you wish you were treated, think positively, wait for things to pass with time - Until then, push through it, not to take things too seriously, not to be too hard on yourself, accept, love, distract with music, entertainment, learning, ask for help and not to suffer in silence, take what you need and give back, take care of your physical and mental health, be spiritual, solve each problem one at a time, don't think too much, get good sleep, drink lots of water, go outside, absorb sunshine and be in nature, forgive people, don't take things for granted, defend people, stand up for yourself, keep dreaming and make your dreams a reality, etc etc"
175989659,I'm gonna work on my list of things to do
175989660,try spending more time in the sun (UV cures covid) but stay away from 5G towers (radio causes covid) unfortunately the science is still out on whether injecting yourself with bleach works so hold off on that one for now
175989661,"Hey, _PERSON_--those are delusions. That is not really, actually happening to you. I really think you should call your pdoc now and tell her what is going on. She might want to make a little med adjustment or something. Love and hugs."
175989662,Season three with the virus is my favorite! I love _NAME_ and _NAME_.
175989663,I can't have bananas because I'm allergic but I definitely like peanut butter and honey better than peanut butter and jelly.
175989664,I had to this weird dream where people were getting genetically manipulated to live longer and it also causes weird effects. So people were living like 8000 years and stuff. It was weird.
175989665,"I'm sorry Blue_Bird about what happened. I've had friends Possible trigger: commit suicide before and it's absolutely horrible. Anyway, we value your presence around here!"
175989666,"Not feeling well. Think it’s allergies. Can’t breathe fully well, nose isn’t runny but stuffy a bit, and coughing. This happens when it rains, and it rained for the first time in awhile today. And will be raining for the next 2 days. I took an allergy med and we will see if that helps. Should’ve taken it this morning when I noticed I couldn’t breathe well and coughed til I threw up a bit. Sorry tmi. Just scared with everything going on in the world...you know."
175989667,Do you work? It is difficult as the condition progresses.
175989668,Sorry I went off the deep end or the no show zone. I have all those except the LEGO games and yonder.
175989669,You're dependent on 0.25mg clonazepam a day? That's quite low D:
175989670,Getting some more herbal tea tomorrow. Today I bought Orange zinger. Tomorrow I'm getting peppermint and also spice dragon red chai tea
175989671,"I have never seen anyone bring this up ever. But it is a core point in Randian philosophy and something I really hope many people can understand. Many people in the real world choose to identify with predefined personas through stereotypes or even trends online. They use these as means to create their existence and fill those holes. When you create that vivid world with those character representations, you are essentially using character frameworks and trends you have picked up on through your life and placing that person on that model, with their thoughts and even image of them adding more of that personal feel. You have keen intuition to what that behavioral pattern is and you are putting the face and a few extra things on that framework. I feel I can relate to this, I picked up on the social pattern and i placed them in the framework. I know of the differences almost like they are organized in my head. It is a hard thing to express how we do this, but it is the closest explanation I can find. In
ner Outerworld Split: When I think of the inner and outerworld split, I used to try and make my mind as scary as a place as possible. It was like a game I would play with myself to see how much i could scare myself. My mind is at times chaotic and can be impulsive with obsession. But what I notice about the obsession is a lot of it is information driven rather than personalty/substance driven. I live reading about the certain subject or thing and it gives me great satisfaction. Well sometimes my bubble bursts. Where I spend a long time consumed in books, drawing, my own mind and suddenly i notice my room is messed, more time has passed, and the reality feels unsettling. But i have worked more on taking steps to fix it to come to find out I didn't care for it as much as I should."
175989672,contemplating at what point hospital is needed
175989673,"Hm, I'm at a loss. I live with a family with 3 kids and 4 adults (including me). We don't know what to do. The oldest, an 8 year old, is going on himself every day. I was sure he was autistic because of a few things like stimming and other behavior. The doctor that looked at him the one appointment said he wasn't because he looked you in the eye and stuff. He is special needs though... he was born with a cleft lip and such. I wish there's more that I can do with him. He's smart kids don't get me wrong and a few unfortunate circumstances like his cleft lip made him delayed with speaking and not being able to go to school on time due to understandable circumstances and with his biological dad being questionable character and possible ptsd from visiting his biological dad because of how he acted. I know this is kinda personal and none are experts. Just need a little insight. Just think there's something to do. They're not my kid but yeah."
175989674,"I killed it, I didn't know what to do because it ended up climbing across me and going to the back of the chair and I didn't want it in my hoodie or in my hair or down my shirt"
175989675,We can’t diagnose you here...one thing is that the younger you are the more likely you can have sort of magical thoughts that go away with age and it’s considered to be normal.
175989676,Morning Having coffee I’m seriously considering going to bath and body works today and buying a candle and a couple of hand soaps.
175989677,"**** that’s dumb. Hell, I’ve drank hand sanitizer a couple times before and it didn’t change my genes. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175989678,A little nap could help.
175989679,Breakfast was oatmeal w/ a banana Lunch was half an avocado and some apple sauce Dinner will be a PB&J sandwich and a small salad
175989680,Playing video games. More info on that in a few hours on roll call.
175989681,_PERSON_
175989682,Chicken nuggets
175989683,"IAmDeterminedToSurvive, what a great post!!!! _PERSON_"
175989684,So I start physical therapy for my back next week. I gotta do it 3x a week for a month.
174387947,Thank you! I am feeling better today. Yesterday I had a meltdown but I reached out to my mom. I had a feeling that she would be available. It helped to chat with her. I'm glad I had that. I'll never forget it. Hope everyone is well!
175989685,OMG! HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175989686,Feel so weird. So zoned out
175989687,"Yeah I don’t think I’ve ever frosted my brownies but once I made something half brownie, half cheesecake."
175989688,Yes I did
175989689,Oh i did. A lot. Many times.
175989690,"Just got back from the dentist. my teeth looked good, no cavities. I got my consult for surgery, two weeks from today at 2."
175989691,Once I unlock blue chickens I will name one clucky in his honor...
174387941,"This is to reply to a locked thread. schizoid-personality/topic213583.html It just does not seem that way to me from what I saw. Most serial killers are not loners, let alone schizoid. Its even a myth the FBI debunks. Here is the Mueller Report. https://www.fbi.gov/stats-services/publ ... ial-murder Just search ""myth"" in that document, it is the first one. If it is sexual, and he links his most evil to sexual crimes, I would certainly think sex is a very common ""activity"". Probably the most common in terms of importance. It certainly is an activity that is taken into the schizoid criteria since it is so central of what psychiatrists consider ""healthy"". Its part of the questions they ask at any rate. It does not preclude it obviously in specific cases, but here we are dealing with majority. So if the majority of his most evil which he conflates with serial killers are sex motivated, and his majority is also schizoid, then there is some incongruence that needs to be explained, and the validity 
of considering those special schizoids in the same way a prototypical is. Its certainly an issue, and I find it pretty big. Also, that serial killers are only motivated by sex is another myth, although I don't think it is what he is saying, but he suggests a strong correlation. Yes, but I don't know what he means by ""evil"". Is it his personal preference and disgust? or something more objective, like the number of victims, rate of murder of something like that. Of course the most gruesome killings are usually sexual in nature, but not always. If he simply considers paraphilia as evil, then it is only a circular argument. It depends on the reason they stop being relevant. If they don't exist, then there is a reason to make them disappear. Sadism has been put inside paraphilias, so it is not seen as a ""personality"". Serial murder is not enough to warrant an ""antisocial"" label, there is a need to be a pattern of diversity in crimes, as well as some other criteria. They talk about it in the report. There is 
certainly a positive correlation, at least when it comes to lack of remorse and some other traits. I did not say normal people were evil, I said serial killers are usually quite normal and well adapted into their environment, which is why in part they avoid capture. Its also in the report. And yes, normal people are quite able to do evil things, and most evil things are done by normal people for the simple reason that they are in a majority, which is why they are normal. That serial killings are made by monsters is also a myth debunked by the report. Its reality. Its more of a personal observation, I don't have actual data. I believe _PERSON_ fits that description. It makes sense for those particular serial killings that are sexual in nature. From personal experience, a lot of people diagnosed with BPD will often have interest in queer sex, and sometimes in the sadism/masochism spectrum. Masochism is fairly common in women with that disorder. The problem is that men are rarely diagnosed with it for some reaso
n, and women don't tend to be serial killers. But the point is that it would make more sense than schizoid. But overall I believe the most likely to do serial killing is the obsessive-compulsive type, but maybe not the ones with paraphilia. Its almost a constant in all those cases, that they have some sort of urge and fantasies about something and it is the main factor of the drive. I am not the one writing a book and making claims like this. Like I said, he seems to base his book on common myths, and his own observation from afar, so it is simply an opinion, and some of it falls into circular arguments. The only way to know is if he has made some independent research, so clearly from your answer, he didn't made any, which settles the issue as far as I am concerned. Yes, but like you said yourself previously, just the fact of being a serial killer ""warrants"", in your opinion, the label of antisocial and sadistic, and therefore psychopathy, since it has an antisocial component. So it is quite normal that the
re would be a correlation, and there is one, which is explained in the report. But again, this is a circular argument, almost true by definition. But yes, even then, some don't make the cutoff for psychopathy which I explained earlier and that you denied. See, the problem here is simply of prejudice and then circular arguments. That is what I see in this book mainly. Things that are ""obvious"" to everybody, like all the myths I showed are obvious, and that serial killers would be evil is also obvious, and that they would have some sort of psychiatric disorder is also obvious. All those things are obvious, obviously, but whether they are true is a completely different matter. From what I do know, it is simply false, and his hierarchy of evil seems arbitrary, but could be justified on some philosophical basis. I just don't see why it would make some serial killers worst than the other on that basis. Its the same crime, only the intent is different, so it is simply a moral judgment with no consequence in realit
y. I don't see why a killing for a wallet is less evil than one because of a sexual obsession. I doubt anybody would. Its just a separate yuck factor with no connection to the morality of the act."
175989692,A cucumber w/ roasted red pepper hummus
175989693,I'm not gonna do that SteadyMD app thingy. It's just too much money. 90 dollars a month. I think I will just see a doctor in person.
175989694,"acid reflux is horrible today. I need to get my meds for it, keep putting it off. I'll go tomorrow morning"
175989695,I forgot to post a pic of my new ukelele.
175989696,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ Dawn, you're such a sweetie!"
174387978,"A lot of us with sz and psychosis like to cook. This is a place to share recipes for your favorite foods or just stuff that looks like you’d want to try it out someday, like a foodie bucket list in a way. So share some favorites either with a link or write it out. Enjoy! Or maybe _PERSON_ appetite!"
175989697,Idk why I been sleeping so much but I just woke up again
175989698,_AT_MENTION_ If your doctor gives you a prescription let us know if it works for you. My pharmacy still doesn’t have it in stock and they don’t know when it will arrive.
175989699,"As someone with mental illness, I've seen lots of psychotherapists over the years. I felt that some were better than others. However, their was one counselor I saw briefly who was perhaps the worst therapist I ever worked with, in my opinion. When I'd tell her what my issues were at the time during our therapy sessions, she'd give me a little bit of advice. And then the next thing I knew, we were talking about sports, current events, or the weather. I wasn't there to shoot the bull with her. I was there to do therapy. I only saw her for a few sessions. Then I decided to move on and work with a better shrink instead. I believe that it's okay to shoot the bull with your counselor a little bit once in a while. But not all of the time. I think it's weird that this therapist didn't recognize that she talked about things during therapy with me that had nothing to do with my mental health issues way too much. Not long after I stopped working with her, she retired. Probably just as well."
175989700,"put on perfume, but that's about it"
175989701,We are in lockdown. So be it. HT
175989702,"Hello everyone , So it’s almost a week after my initial post. I feel ok. I have a slight cough. Maybe a little head ache here and there. I get tension headaches quite a bit. My throat feels fine but maybe it is a bit hoarse from the coughing. I am working from home now and will stay at home unless I absolutely have to go somewhere. The issue is that I am concerned I might have this virus. I read a new study that stated that younger people are at risk of developing serious complications. I figure that is because there are more cases than being documented. They are already viruses where I live. I am wondering it my anxiety is so great that I am perhaps manifesting symptoms."
175989703,"And I still need an Ativan too, but I'm afraid to use them up."
175989704,Go out with an umbrella or use a sad lamp.....it’s not as good but still better than no sun.
175989705,"I have had hypnagogic hallucinations before not related to psychosis experiences, sometimes I would see massive spiders walking around like dreaming while my eyes were open when I was semi awake."
175989706,"Hello it's me again, Someone once made the distinction between psychosis and psychiatric illnesses that are also a loss of contact with reality. They said psychosis is different in that the reaction is socially unacceptable. I started to wonder if this is true, how did it get passed from generation to generation if these people are being socially removed from the possible reproductive pathways? Of course not everyone knows they have it, but if the socially unacceptable part was the distinctive part of the illness, how are people with psychosis passing on their genes? Unless at some time in the past it was socially acceptable, and it's only in the past few decades that they diagnosed it and there hasn't been time for the gene pool to react. I wonder, I'm really trying to ask what benefits it might have for genetic selection, e.g. possibly creativity, any thoughts? hoodwink"
175989707,Very slow n steady. HT
175989708,Listening to mental health songs. Music helps. Feeling tired and relaxed. I'll be ok.
175989709,Not my dad tho. I love my dad.
175989710,"Rest assured that bats just don't just run into anything. They have precise radar. They can gauge the distance of objects by bouncing noise off of objects with clicking sounds they create combined with radar like hearing. They are nearly blind, making these senses even more acute. Their only interest is finding and eating insects while in flight. Now, if you held one in your hand, they may bite you just to escape. They are actually friendly, smart little creatures."
175989711,"You might also want to try a heating pad on your leg. A heating pad will rush oxygen and nutrients to the injured area. Adding a moist pad that comes with the heating bad, or a moist, not dripping, kitchen towel seems to help even more, I've found. Adding a frozen cold pack to your ailing back for 20 or 30 seconds can reduce the inflammation until you can get to the chiropractor or back doctor, whichever you think is better. These are all my suggestions. You'll have to do what you think is best."
175989712,"Doing a 21 day challenge where I pray the road art every morning, practice ukulele each day for at least 20 minutes, and cut out added sugar Rosary. Stupid autocorrect"
175989713,"Yeah right now I'll tell you I feel like a failure for needing an IOP program. I mean honestly I didn't think I needed it but now three mental health professionals have told me I should do it. And I decided to do it. But the reality is, as my psychiatrist said today at our meeting together, that sometimes people need more help and I can't expect myself to be doing 100% all the time - since that is unrealistic. It's tough for me to accept, but it's realistic."
175989714,"_NAME_, Can you name the antidepressant for me as looking for one. I bet ya it’s not the same person....lol.I wish he rots in hell everyday."
175989715,A good week for me. The combination of exercise and anti-anxiety med works well. I'm thinking of trying out Deep Breathing as a way to relax. We'll see how it goes.
175989716,"YAY YIPPIE!!!!!!!! I called the insurance folks and this lady was so nice she called the pharmacy and some how they said that they were about that much short of that med and that someone must have thought it said 90 pills and not a 90 day supply so they are giving me 90 pills tonight , thats one less thing to worry about. tams"
175989717,"You are so right _NAME_!!! Hope you are getting good sleep... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175989718,"Although my settings say [flash] is OFF, it worked! Thanks. It's the URL part I had wrong. I kept it as it is."
175989719,"Ooh, very pretty. Thanks SP! Good luck on the job interview if I'm not too late in telling you that. You're going to do great!"
175989720,I keep feeling like my neighbors are plotting against me to get me kicked out
175989721,"Thanks _NAME_ so so much for commenting.I feel very betrayed. I have been going there for about two years. I love the psychiatry residents that I see there, extremely helpful and great at what they do even though there is a new one each year. But the social worker has stayed the same, had her rough spots but was never this bad. It definitely hurt. I hate talking about this stuff and it just makes me want to go back to bottling it up. Thanks for your support ? I hope you are doing well too!"
175989722,"It’s good that u feel that way and that by reading that column, it helped you."
175989723,"Felt dissociated - Took olanzepine and sorta-meditated for 40 minutes and now I'm better. I went to work, came home - Did chores and such, read a chapter of the book that I'm reading. I'm accomplished for myself. I'm starting to feel different like I'm in a new reality - I keep thinking lately of all the bad things that I've done.. Idk wtf.."
175989724,5 hours of sleep.. Omg I want a smoke..
175989725,"I'm gonna do my laundry monday instead, it's going to be a lot cooler. It's too hot today. I walked to the pharmacy and back and was so overheated"
175989726,I have CPTSD. I am having a very difficult time functioning in day to day tasks. Extreme anxiety and moderate depression. I feel myself grasping for something external that will heal my internal... knowing that doesn't exist... I am only hoping to find the key inside of me. It's there some where............
175989727,This is when “those” people come out
175989728,The _PERSON_ by _NAME_
175989729,I'm gonna make some detox liquids tomorrow If anyone knows anything about this let me know Ask your mom newt
175989730,Coffee!!!!!! I finally got some
175989731,"I didn’t think Zantac causes cancer on its own though, there was contamination with something recently. Nexium is really good too, especially for long term use."
175989732,Going to the store to get an Italian sub and some granola bars later Will be spending the day with my friend. Looking forward to it
174388004,"Just an idea, but have you tried regular antidepressants? Such as venlafaxine, mirtazapine, etc.? Maybe that would help you with some relief from your symptoms. Also aripiprazole is a good antipsychotic that also helps with depression sometimes... I take aripiprazole. I don't know. I mean this is not medical advice obviously, but it seems like benzos and phenibut are not likely going to solve your symptoms, based on my experience with psych meds... My successful combo of meds included 3-4 prescibed medications at one time. Right now I'm on 3 and I feel pretty good, honestly. I hope you can find some meds and lifestyle stuff that can help you. I'm not trying to steer you in any direction in particular, but rather, just trying to help."
174388020,I’m really glad it went well and you’re getting the help you need! Proud of you
175989733,My mouth is dry for some reason.
175989734,"I wasn't really going to get a massage: there's a bunch of protests here in the U.S.S.A. by people who are tired of the stay-at-home orders and are demanding their local economies open up so they can get haircuts, or go bowling, or get a massage. Snowflake pussies. I haven't heard of it going on in other countries but I'm sure it is. I do need a haircut, though."
175989735,I ended up sleeping for maybe 5 hours. I probably got 8 over the night. Feeling a bit crappy this morning.
175989736,"What are some good sleep meds? I've tried trazadone, and mood stabilizers, and benzos. The ones that work seem to build tolerences quite well."
175989737,Took a walk. It's so quiet outside
175989738,took 6 weeks for it to work for me but is best med i have had for anxiety ever. so worth the wait
175989739,Urgggh My doctor canceled and rescheduled for another two weeks. Ugh. Family emergency I guess.
175989740,Is it like an Easter egg hunt or are they unwrapped?
175989741,On my dads side his parents worked at a beer factory for most of their working years. My dad was in the navy. On my moms side her father came from Slovakia and owned and worked a well drilling business and a restaurant. Neither side were educated. Hard workers. My mom never got a chance to get an education before become disabled.
175989742,"Oh yeah , she's bringing the mouse she got me for my laptop tomorrow so I'll finally be able to play The Sims 4, can't wait!"
175989743,Ok I guess we can chat here it will just take longer to respond. Unless you have any other way to chat?
174388034,I am so schizoaffective! But I'm ok. Thank God!
175989744,"I think there is probably considerable overlap. Maladaptive daydreaming occurs when daydreaming prevents one from focusing on daily tasks, when your control over when and where you daydream is not absolute. Schizoids can have elaborate fantasy worlds, certainly, but there is probably some variation in ability to control when and where we slip into them. Speaking for myself, I limit my indulgence to before bed and on weekends."
175989745,"YES, one can appear calm while the insides are all a-quiver. basically you are talking about comparing what you feel INSIDE to how others appear OUTSIDE.... which are more often different in people than they are the same. we humans can feel hundreds of things while looking like we feel nothing."
175989746,"Work is helpful for me, the routine, and gives me something constructive to do."
175989747,Cooking now My _PERSON_ and my dad said they are so proud of me for venturing into this VR stuff. _PERSON_ I told them I thought about hosting a mental health club or like a support group in the AltSpaceVR program.
175989748,"Hey, _PERSON_, look--I have been through this before A lot. And one time, I acted on mine. Almost died. Any way you could call your pdoc and maybe make a med move or something? Just concerned for you here."
175989749,Also I basically don't trust many people to help me make decisions. I have a hard time trusting people with things like that.
175989750,"I seek patterns and organization. My mind is like a grocery store. It's all food though - And tampons and such. But yeah.. I said to the soldiers, ""We're all the same"" and they said ""No we aren't""... Well.. How about this; We're both! The paradox.. I thought I was psychotic trying to explain the paradox.. So was _NAME_.. Maybe we were.. But anyways.. I'm doing good right now. Today was a rough day. I'm glad I have zopiclone to put me to sleep and that I talked to my dads hippie conspiracy friend and he said that he took zopiclone for 15 years and was fine.. I focus on all of these little drugs, meds and chemicals to keep me sane.. They give me comfort. I'm uniquely me. I know this.. But I try to fit in and be normal.. All the life I've rejected myself before I could be rejected by anyone else to save the pain.. Because people have made me cry as a kid for being myself.. Then they would feel bad and say sorry. I was a very trippy child."
175989751,A crockpot was definitely the best purchase ever
175989752,"^^ the point of that article for me was, the measures taken by stupid officials caused even more gatherings of people and increased the risk 10x fold. Glad to see you are living up to your user name I agree, I think alcoholism for one is going to go through the roof. As for shopping. I'm lucky. If I go at 8.30am. there is no one around. We have security guards who monitor who and how many go in. I am so happy I am not 60-70yrs and subject to being stopped and questioned. Makes me feel young If only the virus was a little more selective in who it killed. Ah well..."
175989753,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! If you do not receive more replies, please check other discussions about feeling rejected in this community. You can see more discussions by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top-right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Feeling Rejected We hope this helps! -TeamInspire"
175989754,"Since my kitty is dying I bought it cans of wet food, lots of catnip, and treats. Also meds that will ease her urinary tract pain since that's where the cancer is. I plan on spoiling her. I'm surprised she took a liking to the wetfood, usually she doesn't touch it. She understood what it was just by me opening the can. So she remembered what it mean after the first time opening it. Clever cat."
175989755,Yum............
175989756,My library is offering the great courses free through Kanopy now!
175989757,"I have been reading all posts on here. Such a great place to share. Never been on a forum until now. I’m in therapy and on Zoloft which helps me with anxiety a lot! There are still days where it’s hard and I have to take a half a .5 lorazepam but mainly my days are going ok.... however, dealing with big hopelessness.... going thru a difficult time w my husband.... going thru menopause and loosing the love of my life.... not sure how to deal with all of this thru the pandemic..... I exercise. I eat healthy. Reach out to friends but there are days... I feel like I’m falling apart. Two daughters u want to show example but simply nights where I don’t function any more :( Yes. Looking for kind words, a connection, advice..... ?? Than you all"
175989758,Does anyone take this med to treat their bipolar and how many mgs do you take daily. Thanks for your time..
175989759,I’m so sorry for what you’re going through. All the symptoms you write about are very common with depression episode and anxiety attacks. Also it feels like your hormonal state could be out of balance. Have you tried any meditation or did you seek help from a doctor? Did you talk about it to your family or friends?
175989760,Reading in the car. Took 2.4g phenibut supplement. It's RAINING =]
175989761,I don't like my mom right now. She gets drunk every day and is in denial about her drinking. I want to move out but I don't know how. I'm jealous cuz my sister is moving out this year and she's 18. My mom treats me like I'm one of her cats. Seriously.
175989762,I feel better now by acting out but the damage is done. People think I'm crazy.
175989763,"_NAME_, given what you wrote back, I'd say that your mom must think you a godsend. My gosh! Look at the difficulty within your family's shared life and there you are helping your sister, your niece & your mom. That sounds like a lot of help that you contribute on a regular basis. No doubt it adds up to much work which you help your family be less burdened with. It sounds like plenty to me. I know how hard it is to try to take care of another person. It can be emotionally & physically draining. A break from being a caregiver usually ends up somewhat a rare occurrence. You are a caregiver, just an unpaid caregiver. Have you any idea of how much money caregiver's are paid hourly? It is certainly not cheap. Where would your mom be without all of your help? Ask her and I am sure she will tell you how much she needs you & appreciates you. Insurance & the way it is applied can be so unfair. Our healthcare system truly fails so many, many people in various ways. You are not the one responsible in how much 
medicine(s) costs. Nor are you responsible for how your insurance is applied for your healthcare needs. I am glad you let me know how you are boxed in by both insurance & monthly medicine costs. Your mom knows firsthand you cannot help how things are in this matter. Thank goodness you also understand. I am truly sorry you are boxed in by our society at present. It is an injustice so many people have in common with you. Perhaps there will come a time when things will become changed and you will fly like an eagle. In the meanwhile, I think your mother would be lost without your day to day help and all that you do for your family. Take the time at hand for now. I think it is wonderful you want to go out and get a job. It speaks volumes about you. Your desire is to help even more than you all ready do! What a good and caring heart you have within you. Your mom must be so very proud of you and who you are. If you have finished high school, maybe you might want to look into further education. Given your situation & 
your family's needs I would bet you could get much financial support from the government to take college classes. It may be provided to you free of charge. You could maybe take up classes on-line. Then, with a college degree and even perhaps a chosen profession you will become free from this box society has you in for now. Don't despair, I think you are in for a very bright future. And I fail to see how you are a burden to anyone. Society happens to be a burden to you. _PERSON_"
175989764,I was wondering where you’ve been
175989765,Yes I did!
175989766,"I had an awful day trying to install drywall on a vaulted ceiling alone. My boss doesn't have a clue what the buddy system is and spreads us thin. He said the goal was to be out of there by tomorrow, meaning 2 bedrooms, drywall, 2 coats of joint compound (mud), sand, prime paint, and paint a few other walls. He thinks I can get all this done by tomorrow. I told him no chance, then he says it was a pipe dream. I hate when he puts pressure on me like that. And thanks to him, I worked till 7pm yesterday, so my sleep was **** today. I would like to see him hold a board of drywall up, get screws, place them on studs, and grab the drill, and screw it up by himself. That's one of his major flaws, sending people out alone with crazy expectations when what I need is team work. All I got done today was the drywall, and two coats of mud and caulked everything. Tomorrow I go back alone. My old boss understood the psychology of sending people to act like a team. Thank god I took this coming Monday off. I haven'
t missed a day of work in a month which is a good sign, but im still having trouble actually falling asleep. I get to bed at around 9:50pm and take my sleep meds but they don't knock me out until 11:30 or 12am. I need something more powerful that helps me sleep better. I've upped all my meds, added Restoril, Take 300mgs of Seroquel, 160mgs of Geodon, and nothingworks, I still have to take Benadryl nearly every night. I felt like a zombie today. The guy who I work with, he's a team leader like me too, he is trying desperately to get out of this job so he doesn't have to work another summer again because of the 40ft ladders and climbing stressful roofs. That would put more pressure on me, and the boss does less and less work these days. Rant over."
175989767,Oh wow lots o snow ??
175989768,I feel annoyed by Facebook groups. Every group I’m in regardless what it’s about I only ever get maybe a couple likes and a couple comments. Everyone else seems to get lots of replies and likes. I know I shouldn’t care but like they’re talking about baking a ****ing cake and I’m like ‘hi I’m literally losing my ****ing mind can someone give advice’.
175989769,I have been suicidal for over 15 years and hospitalized multiple times. I always have found that the hospital can keep me safe but get depressed because of missing my friends. I also have been in so much that money is now a struggle and I feel like I can’t go back in. It feels like I am fighting myself and I don’t know what to do.
175989770,I think I'm dehydrated.
175989771,Just took one
175989772,And I took my supplements.
175989773,I wish the snack cart was here. I need pop and candy.
175989774,"I didn’t tell y’all I got 2 more pounds on the scale this morning. I stayed full yesterday, let me tell you. I ate breakfast and continued to eat part of my breakfast throughout the day. And THEN fiancé wanted pizza and a whole bunch of other things. I was so beyond stuffed I could’ve thrown up. I’m surprised I didn’t. And now he done made 3 hot dogs for us each and I can barely put down 1. I’m not even hungry to begin with..."
175989775,"That’s so weird....my parents can’t get the Starbucks, but they get this other brand that’s like in a carton. Still coffee still iced...people may be buying it out though. Here the Starbucks drive through is the most happening place around....do you have any with drive through?"
175989776,"I have not experienced this before though I have some strange feelings in my shoulder from some surgeries I had before. I think that the nerves were moved. I am suspecting it is a nerve with you too. maybe it was pressed upon. If it becomes bothersome I would talk to the doc. But right now it sounds annoying, but I wouldn't worry too much. Have a nice day. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989777,I hope people have different opinions
175989778,Morning Fiance is so sick. I kinda am too.
175989779,"Yes, I have a pill cutter. I don't get why she prescribed so much of it. It doesn't make sense. I was only taking 1 mg of Xanax XR before and the aim was to reduce that. By going onto Klonopin and reducing that gradually. I guess she doesn't get that I don't wanna be on Klonopin. I mean it does cut down the anxiety but I don't like being on it. I'd rather manage the anxiety with other means."
175989780,Even supplements freak me out...
175989781,Just happy you’re reading period ?
174388067,"I am doing well today. Feel pretty good. Back on Zyprexa, so that's good, and it helps me a lot!"
175989782,"I can't believe my mom made it up that mountain with me. I was behind her the whole time making sure she was ok. She took her beta blocker this time. If she didn't, I'm 100% sure she would have had heart palpitations and passed out. So her heart condition is getting better the longer she takes beta blockers. And her breast cancer prognosis is good. That great!"
175989783,"Ovens are confusing. The last year in my apartment the pilot light was always going out and I'd panic because I turned the oven on. Plus, the numbers on the dial were worn off for years."
175989784,I need to go grocery shopping but I really don't want to. I hate going. And I'm afraid of catching covid.
175989785,Debating having coffee. I don’t feel like going grocery shopping now that I’ve been up for 24 hours. I just feel weird. I’ll be calleing my psych np in an hour Man and I was doing so good too. Wtf. That came out of nowhere.
175989786,I complained about people here not sharing the full story. But I can't. I'm too ****_NAME_ up from what has happened to me. My brother was able to leave to avoid it all and he's older. My sister was able to better herself and overcome it all. I'm the one that's ****_NAME_ up.
175989787,"Hello, I have been dealing with anxiety for a long time. Sometimes, I have it under control but sometimes it strikes back in a different (new) way. I asked my family doctor to refer me to a therapist but the waiting line to get one is very long. Now, I am facing extreme fear in a daily bases. Whenever something happens to me, I tend to imagine the worst case scenarios and stress over it. Examples: When water goes up me nose = brain eating amoeba When I take my vitamin pills = chocking When I smell candles or cleaning products = lung wont be able to breathe When I eat something and get upset stomach after = food poisoning I am even concerned about STDs while I am not sexually active!!! Today I was showering and while I was washing my face I sniffed some water and now I am freaking out that symptoms of that nasty brain bug to show up! Have anyone dealt with this issue before ? Any tips that I can listen to to minimize my extremely negative thoughts ?"
175989788,"I'm so exhausted, I've been up since 3 in the morning. Can't wait to go to sleep tonight"
175989789,I didn't sleep and now it's bright outside. The sun rising is so beautiful. A new day. People will die today... Why do I go straight to that thought? idk... I just can't believe that people die.. their hearts stop etc.. It's really weird. Where do they go? Will I die? When? Uh .. Good morning..
175989790,"My mon said she’ll make spaghetti tomorrow, I’m happy I’m tired with rice ?"
175989791,30 and 30
175989792,"Do you eat enough throughout the day? When I don't eat enough, or don't eat right before taking it I have side effects like that"
175989793,Sounds good! I love tuna!
175989794,Unfortunately there is a correlation between for example weight gain and efficacy and even Parkinsonism and efficacy..... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175989795,"I don't think anything could get me to not leave because it was like a compulsion to leave and go outside and just walk. What made me come home? Hunger, thirst, physical things like that. It was probably very annoying for my parents. But they seemed to tolerate it as they knew it was something that I needed to do. It was like out of my control. But now that I'm medicated and on an antipsychotic I don't do it. I will just walk for like an hour and come home."
175989796,I can't have a roommate cuz she/he'll just find me weird staring at the wall all day
175989797,"I got groceries delivered. I've been either having them delivered or picking them up from walmart. I'm paying 12 dollars a month for free delivery. Oh well. Thing is, theres only one main walmart here. Its crowded in the summer. And we went like last week and since it's closer to christmas IT WAS HELL. I vowed I'll do delivery/pickup or shop elsewhere. From now on. There wasnt even any turning space for a basket between all the people. My anxiety and frustration was bad during that time. So no more of in person shopping!"
175989798,"Hello, I understand it could be so frustrating and tough being in situation like this, my suggestion to you is to try some coping techniques, like exercising, music therapy, deep breathing in addition to what you enjoy doing in the past, all these should help you sail through this role strain."
175989799,Fruits Basket is awesome and I highly recommend it. I know the subs for the new fruits basket in English subtitles is shown for free on Crunchy Roll if you don't mind subtitles.
175989800,"I'm not feeling as good as yesterday. Yesterday I felt uncharacteristically good though, so maybe I'm resetting to a sort of baseline. I'm not feeling great though. I'm having SH thoughts. I totally can't SH though because my arm is so not even healing yet from what I did 4 days ago. I don't feel in crisis so that's good, but I definitely feel off. Kind of down. I hope I don't go into crisis. I had a visual hallucination on my walk today. It didn't frighten me but the fact that I had it sort of bothered me. _PERSON_"
175989801,I want to live in this car.
175989802,"I am so high and I feel like I'm going through the motions of feeling my felings flare on almost all at once, first positive and now negative like paranoia. I haven't felt this emotin in a very, very long time. This is quite the experiment."
175989803,I try to connect with people who care and understand what _PERSON_ going through. I hug my little dog and tell her I love her and we'll be fine.
175989804,"in all honesty, I probably should have yesterday (and I probably should today) but I am being lazy and ignoring it. I will tomorrow though soon as the day starts"
175989805,"When I went to do the mri the doctor said I have to be in the machine for 30 min. So he asked me ""what kind of music do you like? I will put it on for you."" So they gave me earplugs for the machine, and then put headphones on me to listen to hip hop songs."
175989806,"I don't recall, been stuck in the house for a few days."
175989807,So I'm checking out _NAME_ and I havent been this happy since I published my book! Soooooooooooo many books. Its literally so exciting! Do you have this blue bird???
175989808,"Hi, I'm Rich, aka older guy, I have a new job as a 'Secret Shopper"". Today is my first assignment. Of course in my anxiety I am worrying about all kinds of details. The company paying me has a slew of rules and ""don'ts"". I just need to keep myself busy until it's time to go. I'm trying to use positive affirmations like ""you'll do well' and ""I'm ok."". Just needed to check in. Thanks for reading."
174388108,"Those alone are not enough to get you the Schizophrenia diagnosis, I believe. Do you suffer from hallucinations or paranoia?"
174388104,"I remember when I taught, anything more than 20 hours was too difficult for me (I was also in graduate school at the time). It's because 20 teaching hours is really like a 40-hour week in terms of preparation and stuff... Now I don't teach as many hours..."
175989809,Yes it’s up to you
175989810,Wow [email protected]
175989811,Got an Iridium fishing pole in Stardew!
175989812,It's time for a new thread if someone wants to make one
175989813,Cause they have control over my money. So that translates to having control over my life I guess? Ugh. It shouldn't.
175989814,Hi Fronton may I ask how you're doing now? I started getting the jerks eight months ago and have since gone on a veges and fruit diet along with supplements which seemed to help. But I get flare ups on a monthly basis.
175989815,"_NAME_ said... For Lithium Orotate, drugs.com says: ""Over-the-counter lithium orotate is promoted as a health supplement for use as a low-dose source of lithium; however, very limited clinical evidence exists to support use. Non-controlled studies have examined the use of low-dose lithium orotate in the treatment of alcoholism, migraines, and depression associated with bipolar disorder."" You said, "" I researched it for my mom and apparently meds are blocking a major neurotransmitter in the brain called ""glutamate"". Lithium naturally regulates it."" I got away from medicine for awhile through a series of foul ups by doctor and myself, and I tried the natural health food route and I knew from the start it wasn't working. I even got back as far as ""_PERSON_ Root,"" which threw my mother into a tizzy when my wife told her what I was trying, asking. ""He's taking ""What!!!!"" my wife said she responded at the news. Yeah, I even went to a root doctor. It was getting bad. If I had been thinking posi
tively, I could have just taken 1/2 or less of the Lithium pill to see if it was going to kill me, and if it didn't, take the other half an hour or more later, whenever I choose. But, oh, no, I couldn't do that. When I finally did get back to regular medicine, to Lithium and my anti-depressant, everything was OK. You say: """"All I know is instead of all of the nasty side effects and feeling like a zombie, this may actually be helping people feel like normal humans. I just wanted to share because my mom's bipolar affected my family's life in a terrible way and if we had known about this I can only imagine how different our lives would've been."" I take Lithium and I know it slows me down, which is what I need with mania, but it doesn't bother me to the point where it has more negatives than positives. It does have some negatives, but being in a manic state does also. Did you mother have problems taking the Lithium, or was she not taking it and having problems? My mom is on Lamotrigine right now and I was hopi
ng to taper her off of it and onto the lithium orotate. The Lithium Orotate is different from the Rx Lithium. It doesn't have any side effects."
175989816,"Ooooh. Well man, that was actually 30 min away from my dad. And now I have moved north, so it's an hour away now. I dont have a doctor up here. I need to get one."
175989817,My friend and I are going to be watching horror movies and having popcorn and snacks on Halloween
175989818,Hey! It is feel like 109 out right now. I caved and turned on the A/C for the first time in like 5 years! Today and tomorrow are hovering around 100 degrees so we’ll run them for a few days. Went to breakfast with my daughter and _PERSON_. Then me and my daughter went to the mall. I needed red shoes. I bought some but I’m not sure about them. I gave in to peer pressure I think I’ll order the other pair I liked too. _NAME_’s is offering 25% off if you use the app and the shoes are on sale. Now I’m just laying around trying not to move too much and work up a sweat My poor dogs are miserable.
175989819,Hello. I took my prescribed but not my supplements.
175989820,"So bf and I just got back from the movies....we saw midway... He is a huge fan of anything wwII. It was actually a decent movie, good story, good effects, not too much gore. It was part of his bday celebration a little early although I might bake him a cake next weekend and he wants a new watch. He got a cheapie smart watch from _PERSON_’s and then donated it to goodwill within two months....he so hated it. So now he needs a new traditional watch."
175989821,Having issues getting my work done today...I already did the readings but I have to write like a summary response then watch two videos and comment on them also. It’s not intrinsically hard but the topic is communication and social media marketing and I just don’t have a strong opinion on that.
175989822,"I reached out to my support ladies and one of them is texting with me, the others have prayed for me. My parents are going to a doctor appointment at a University Hospital today so I can't really go to them for help right now. I did text my T though so I am waiting for her to get back to me. She's probably in session so I just have to be patient. If it gets worse I might call a hotline. Thanks SP and _PERSON_"
175989823,We don't have an IKEA either but we do have a Big Lots.
175989824,"Dear _PERSON_, I am so sorry these things are happening to you! Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175989825,"Thanks for writing back, _PERSON_. Always reassuring to hear people say to not worry (or frankly, feel guilty) about taking the anxiety and sleep aids daily. Funny thing about the _PERSON_ is that I have tried taking it in the AM and the PM. I generally have found that the evening works better for me than the am. although I have also found that my anxiety is worst first thing in the morning. I keep thinking about whether I should try taking it in the am again for a bit to see how I do. Perhaps I will give it a few more weeks first before I muck with anything. Thanks again for the response!"
175989826,"Good luck to you . I dont know if you are still on meds but i feel like once you get past the treatment phase things get back to normal. As for my case , i started questioning my symptoms as soon as they started in 2015 but didnt know they were related to an illness. Its only after one year (2016) that serious symptoms showed up and my father forced me to enter an hospital After this i refused to take meds they told me to take for life ( seroquel) Finally in 2017 a doctor made a more accurate diagnosis for my condition and every time i do a check he reduces my dose on solian. I hope that when my doctor tells me to stop medication i will forget about all this issues."
174388112,"I just been thinking... No one at my job really knows anything about me. Idk if that's good or bad. Part of me is really scared to open up, but part of me wants to be humble. They dont know I have schizoaffective disorder. They talk to me all the time about people with schizophrenia they encounter on the job. They talk about them with amazement. Only my boss knows about it. And maybe HR. No one knows I write books and sell them. Etc so much more stuff. Like I said I'm kinda scared to open up, but I also wanna be humble. I dont want to brag."
175989827,I'm good thanks. I need to find something to do that would keep my mind occupied instead watching 24 hour rolling news lol
175989829,Have you tried medication?
175989830,"Yes, yes I did."
175989831,Every poetry book on overdrive is checked out. Wow.
175989832,"i'm the person ranked right below you, at 5k. i thought it was a good number to stop on."
175989833,I saw this on the news tonight and I thought it was very interesting. I just wondered if this has been used somewhere else. I do not have severe OCD unless I am on high dose Pred. but I do have mild OCD. I also wonder if it would work for other mental illnesses like severe Anxiety. This man had high Anxiety because of the severe OCD. He was even suicidal. That must have been terrible for him. https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/pioneering-patient-with-extreme-ocd-sees-success-with-new-psychosurgery-1.4787841 Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 2/6/2020 10:23:38 PM (GMT-7)
175989834,"It’s possible it’s metabolized in the same way one of your psych meds is making the level of psych meds artificially higher due to competition, a lot of he psych meds cause sui thinking when th dose is changed."
175989835,"My sessions are usually 45 minutes unless I am not doing good. Then they last longer. But when I go in, the therapist is always running 15 minutes behind. Hurry up and wait... I think too that the whole hour is needed. But we know how that goes. Have a good day you guys. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989836,On this day last year I was sitting in the ER on a gurney waiting to get transported to the mental hospital. I had already been in the ER for one night and would spend another night in the ER. This time last year I just finished talking to the psychiatrist who put me on a 5150 hold. I'm like super sad remembering this.
175989837,yes I did today
175989838,Thank you so much Soulsearch89. You're right about so many things. I MUST focus on the positive. You've given me great examples of what to do to start moving forward. I've been finding it hard to get out of bed and consider that a victory each day. Your ideas of the pictures and writing pain points & what I love each day are great ideas. Thanks for responding: I appreciate you.
175989839,I've tried calling my job counselor 3 times today and left a message. He never called me back. He's the one that can get me therapy for free. Otherwise there's no way I can pay for therapy on my own.
175989840,"I feel great today, Idk why, I just feel fantastic"
175989841,Hey guys making a new thread to see if I'm normal or not lol a year ago I got these visual trails and afterimages and when I wave my hand or if someone passes me I see there trail like if their soul is catching up to them lol But at night with lights I look around I see trails blur of the light even on headlights and any kind of light this really bothers me I hate it it happened after I stopped taking anti-depressants from my panic attack I had even since then i havent been the same plz help guys need your guys suppose plz I sound crazy when I go to Drs they say its palinopsia but I researched it I think I have illusionary palinopsia but idk how I got but plz help lol
175989842,Hope you can get some sleep _AT_MENTION_
175989843,"It's not a heart palpitation!! Google gives out these lies like internet doctor candy!!! Heart likes to beat fast! Beat beat beat beat!!! It happens after eating because all the blood rushes to the stomach and it's flowing freely instead of pumping harder through the veins. My mom almost died after she ate a burger and drove (But that's because she has heart conditions). Make sure you're exercising and the blood can flow better through the veins in the extremities eat little bits of food only as much as will make you a little full not completely full.. If they are heart palpitations, they aren't dangerous. Exercise helps. And antipsychotics increase QT interval of the heart by 2-15 milliseconds which is nothing. SSRI's can be dangerous and women have 10ms higher QT interval. - Dr. _PERSON_..."
175989844,"So this is the issue I’ve been having with homework, when there is too much you want to scrap it all. Cut down what you’re doing to 2-3 things and do the rest tomorrow.....the only way to get 5+ done is to induce mania....which should not be your goal....."
175989845,_PERSON_!!!!!!!
175989846,Hi Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_.
175989847,"Maybe a telehealth therapist could help you with dealing with anxiety. Do you have friends or family to talk with? That can be helpful. Do you have a lot of stress? Making a list of things to do daily and concentrating on getting them done helps- nothing huge but simple tasks. Are you eating correctly? Eat green leafy foods, salads, fish, chicken, beans. What you eat makes a difference. Sodas don’t help nor does pastas, not lots of sugary foods. Do you exercise? You need to force yourself to go for brisk walks, jog gently - get moving. And drink lots of water. Your body needs it. I have anxiety and these things have helped me. My faith in God has helped too. Helping others in pain or loss helps my anxiety. I attend a church and see a need and I reach out to help others. Do you have a church you can go to? Prayers for you. You’re not alone. Hang in there."
175989848,Some people are saying it changed their life
175989849,CREEP Radiohead classic
175989850,Bad news. Had to put one of our dogs down today. She had a cough and turned out she had nodules on her lungs. She had some medication but it wasn’t helping and she was in pain. She had a seizure and we took her in and had to pass. Poor baby. She was 15 years old and the best dog. So many great memories. She will be missed.
175989851,This is the best I've felt in like 2 months; A Mood 75% B Anxiety 0% C Agitation 0% D Paranoia 0% E Delusions 0% F Visual H 0% G Visual H 0% H Imagination 70% I Creativity 70% J Panic attack No K Motivation 80% L Focus 80% M Hyperactivity/Mania 40% N Tiredness 0% O Hours of sleep 10 P Anhedonia 20%
175989852,"The thing is that the Abilify helps a lot with my depression. So I guess just reducing it might work. If I do anything about it. I mean I have pretty much concluded that I need more olanzapine. I, at least, see my pdoc tomorrow to try to make sense of it all. I mean there's no other reasonable cause for all this ****."
175989853,"Not with as much support or content of conditions and excellent mods. HT Hibee and sc, and with excellent members....Well.....enough said."
175989854,Yea I can do that now!
175989855,My abdomen hurts and idk why. It’s weird. Not painful but like I pulled a muscle or something. So it hurts when I move.
175989856,"Meditation app like Calm, getting some exercise like walking, adding some more fresh produce or cutting back on sugar and processed foods. Some healthy changes may help her feel better physically and also that she is reducing her chances of developing an illness. Many therapists will do virtual sessions right now, which may feel easier than going to an office. The website cbt4panic is good. Maybe she can be talked into a physical for a basic health check-in that won’t feel threatening. Annual Gyno visit is good for checking in on blood pressure, etc and can ask for blood work, or talk about how she is more anxious and get some reassurance that it’s common during this time of life. Would she be open to choosing a couple of these options that you both try together? Other than the gyno, lol!"
175989857,Oasis - Wonderwall
175989858,"When I stop using this happy face ""=]"" and sad face ""=["", I am in a bad place... =[.... =]"
175989859,Welcome to the forum! I've been hanging around here lately because I have CPTSD with psychosis and I've found this group to be very supportive.
175989860,"Glad you are reaching out. It's a difficult time for many right now, but we can get through it together.? I think I'm finally coming out of a deep depression for the past two years. I might be of some help."
175989861,I don't believe this! Magic pharmaceuticals exist.. Maybe not..
175989862,I'm re-reading A Song of Ice and Fire by _NAME_ (the books Game of Thrones is based off of)
175989863,Murder by the Book (A Beyond the Page Bookstore Mystery 1) by _NAME_.
175989864,_PERSON_ put 500 in my account Either this is a miracle or a mistake. Not sure if they are raising my monthly payments or one time credit or mistake
175989865,Oo ooo ooo is what a ghost says! Are you sure it wasnt a ghost hovering over your bed???
174388182,"""Background: The dopamine D2 receptor is the common target for antipsychotics, and the antipsychotic clinical doses correlate with their affinities for this receptor. Antipsychotics quickly enter the brain to occupy 60–80% of brain D2 receptors in patients (the agonist aripiprazole occupies up to 90%), with most clinical improvement occurring within a few days. The D2 receptor can exist in a state of high?affinity (D2High) or in a state of low?affinity for dopamine (D2Low). Aim: The present aim is to review why individuals with schizophrenia are generally supersensitive to dopamine?like drugs such as amphetamine or methyphenidate, and whether the D2High state is a common basis for dopamine supersensitivity in the animal models of schizophrenia. Results: All animal models of schizophrenia reveal elevations in D2High receptors. These models include brain lesions, sensitization by drugs (amphetamine, phencyclidine, cocaine, corticosterone), birth injury, social isolation, and gene deletions in path
ways for NMDA, dopamine, GABA, acetylcholine, and norepinephrine. Conclusions: These multiple abnormal pathways converge to a final common pathway of dopamine supersensitivity and elevated D2High receptors, presumably responsible for psychotic symptoms. Although antipsychotics alleviate psychosis and reverse the elevation of D2High receptors, long?term antipsychotics can further enhance dopamine supersensitivity in patients. Therefore, switching from a traditional antipsychotic to an agonist antipsychotic (aripiprazole) can result in psychotic signs and symptoms. Clozapine and quetiapine do not elicit parkinsonism or tardive dyskinesia because they are released from D2 within 12 to 24 h. Traditional antipsychotics remain attached to D2 receptors for days, preventing relapse, but allowing accumulation that can lead to tardive dyskinesia. Future goals include imaging D2High receptors and desensitizing them in early?stage psychosis."" I think the stimulant might be saving my ***...."
175989866,Spice dragon tea.....
175989867,I voted mail in
175989868,Ya pot does that to me too. I get paranoid as ****. But your first post sounds like something actually happened too... More than just paranoia.
175989869,Welcome to roll call!
175989870,I have my tablet on the left side of my computer and my phone on the right side. Organizing thingz..
175989871,Anyone have TikTok?
175989872,"I don’t think you know what The Birth of a Nation is about. Not one of America’s finest moments/movies, to be sure."
175989873,Daft Punk
175989874,"Let's see, Dish soap Crackers Animal crackers Tea Ummm, that's all I remember"
174388198,I've been doing better.
175989875,"Yeah, I'm stressing out over losing some support people and I'm scared of relapsing but to the point where I feel like relapsing just to get it out of the way. So many people are proud of me and happy for me right now and it's putting so much pressure on me and I want the pressure to go away."
174388201,"Indeed, indeed. I take Zyprexa and Abilify. The Abilify doesn't generally cut it for psychosis for me. That's why I have Zyprexa. And then the Zyprexa doesn't cut it for the depression for me. That's why I have the Abilify."
175989876,"Yeah I forgot about withdrawal, I ended up deciding to just keep taking it until I see my doctor tomorrow then see what she says"
175989877,"I am but I slept til noon today. And still felt tired. I will start doing instacart. I like that job. I just haven’t had my car for awhile now. I could cut out cable yes. There’s no possible way we can go without a/c in Texas. Not with 90+ degree whether, and the heat makes me extremely sick with my AP heating me up. I don’t think we need to move to a smaller place. And of course the phone is out of the option. I know these were all examples of what I could do, but I figure I’d give some info on them. My NP was extremely willing to work with me and has put my VRAYLAR down to 1.5mg. He says if my symptoms increase he will see me in a month. But he says to stay on the Ativan and gabapentin both for my anxiety. And of course the Zoloft, which goes without being said. I’m not even that worried about my phone at this point. I should receive around 400 this Friday from fiancé for paying his half of rent. And then I should be able to pay half of my bills or at least what is priority. Thanks for 
replying!"
175989878,"I'm sorry you're feeling confused and unhappy. It's really hard for me to deal with advice from others. One time a friend of mine who I like a lot said I should stop all my meds. Unfortunately, I listened and I did it. I ended up in the hospital twice. I am not trying to scare you, but just trying to illustrate that friends, even though they are friends, don't always know the full picture mental-health wise. Doctors (at least hopefully) do."
175989879,"Thank you. The main issue is finances. And from that, our arguments always branch off from that. Off finances. Whether it's related or not. I love his personality except for he likes a lot of alone time. But if I start working I might like that too for me. I still have a fair amount of free time with no job even tho I clean and take care of the pets all day."
175989880,I'm glad you feel a bit better.
175989881,"I might have to stop drinking coffee for awhile because my one cup, now, makes me anxious. Idk why."
175989882,I was thinking of doing it to get on the right meds but these seem to be the best meds for me. Maybe write down a list of pros and cons as to why you'd think it would be helpful or not.
175989883,Starbucks Caramel Frappuchino.
175989884,"Cut the dose in half, newtus."
175989885,Hmmmm.... Trileptal can mess with the heart rhythm. I stay away from heart rhythm messing meds. It's an anti-seizure medication.. weird.. _PERSON_ I have to prepare for my appointment in 40 minutes. I'm so nervous. They gave me a 0.25mg alprazolam so I might feel chill when I talk to the psychiatrist. I just hope that he's chill and open minded and not a strict.. Maybe that's what I need? Idk.. As long as he's not an asshole like some psychiatrists that I've met.
175989886,I’m so sorry bb. That really breaks my heart.
175989887,I say I’m bored these days but these days it’s rare I’m bored. Once a month maybe. Now it’s just this boredom is me being restless from the thoughts in my mind that won’t go away. Like depressive thoughts. I just want to get away from them and do something. Not be withheld by them. I honest have so much to do. So I’m not truly bored that much these days. I do get quite lonely tho when fiancé is not home.
175989888,"A bit motivated this past day. It’s midnight now. But I slept a lot today and went out to eat with future family. Then one them thought I was nervous to eat but i wasn’t it’s cuz I ate a whole bunch of donuts earlier for breakfast. We went to chili’s and I had only chips and salsa. Told the family friends dad “thank you”. It was like 20 or 25 of us. Mostly kids or half kids, and then us adults. They invited me to the lake beach for another time. So _NAME_ go another time, with them. Finished my book. Just putting finishing touches on. Then gotta upload it into the interwebz. Applied for a job. Some other stuff, too. So far I’ve had a decent amount of motivation but not enough. I have to take breaks between stuff too."
175989889,ITS FRIDAY!!!! I get five days off and a two day work week so I’m excited. Going to sleep in and get some coursework stuff done and watch old movies. Those are my plans for days off and Canada Day! Probably eat tacos tonight. I love homemade tacos. So fun making the tortillas.
175989890,Sounds like everyone is having a rough day. Lots of HUGS all around. And sprinkles. And rainbows. And cheeriness. _PERSON_
175989891,I love you guys too <3
175989892,I confess.... Too much caffeine. Diet otherwise is balanced. Yes caffeine does have some good elements. HT
175989893,"That sounds so upsetting, frightening, and energy-draining. Will you speak with your psychiatrist? It sounds like medication should be helping...perhaps something needs to be adjusted?"
175989894,"I pretty much finished pokemon sword (which is a really cool game), I just gotta fight the champion, _NAME_. It's not so much about the game as it is that I stuck to something, took my time, and gonna finish it. That kinda shows my recovery process from mental health too. Hoping I can do this same thing for college when it comes time."
175989895,Black coffee
175989896,"More than being inspired, I definitely felt a sense of accountability. So I cleaned the kitchen and the cats box (litter), and swept the kitchen. Dishes, all that, put stuff away. I’m sweating but I’m good! Thanks for being an accountability partner for me, bb! <3"
175989897,Worked out for 30 min
175989898,"Have anybody here ever heard of NLP and mind games as they seem to feature alot within the experinces of hearing voices i.e (Remote) has anyone noticed or realised this ! You can study this delusional way of perceiving the world, even though it throws at you weird unexpected **** like COVID ( not as in police term meaning COVID TEAMS, as in CAD Operators) You can sort of learn to take most things on the chin, even 24/7 trolly harpy 'voices' aiming at reducing you. Has any of you realized it's the same bag of stunts being used on us all! And how can you hallucinate that, it would be like implying you've hallucinated Corona virus and lock down's just for you"
175989899,U tweakers!..
175989900,Feeling really anxious tonight
175989901,"Am strictly unipolar depression by nature Bipolar I feel relates to epilepsy.. So mood stabilizers (Anti-epileptics) help. If I were you, I'd increase the SSRI as much as I could while upping the mood stabilizer and a good antipsychotic to stabilize positive symptom thoughts.. Maybe a little decrease in creativity but you're a left brain math coder which is good. People with bipolar average about 6 meds as SP said I think"
175989902,"This right here makes me wonder if I miss signs of fear/anxiety because I never notice it in myself. I think I’m way less fearful than what’s average but surely I get scared like everyone else does at some point, but I’m just not consciously aware of it."
175989903,"Sorry I can't tell you as I have no opinion. Just want to get smashed. In self destructive mode. Having to resort to wine and valium is definitely not my preference. ..but there is not much to choose from in this current abysmal situation. My co-workers as part of a fare-well for a member of staff are going to hire male strippers. F'ucking tedious, boring, dumb, white trash.I am at the point where I could say it to their face. It is becoming almost impossible to be among such people in my current job. I am no longer prepared to put in the 'brain washing' required to endure."
175989904,"It must have been my lucky night yesterday. Had the _NAME_ borealis going on in my town, and I caught a tarantula. The first tarantula I’ve gotten in any of the animal crossing games. This time I wasn’t even looking. I just ran into it and got lucky."
175989905,"Oh btw, I know I'm hypomanic. But erti said I might be on too much zoloft. Its very possible. My doctor raised it another 50mg and it's now 150mg."
175989906,no not today
175989907,I’m so having trouble motivating myself to work today.....I mean I’m in an ok position but I could finish sooner in the week.
175989908,haven't posted in a while but I am doing ok. my med celexa is a godsend.
175989909,"SP, sorry about your mother, hopefully everything is okay"
175989910,"I used to be on Remeron, it worked super well. I was on 30mg as well."
175989911,I took my blood pressure meds this morning
175989912,an M&M almond candy bar
175989913,Ah I don’t have nextflix but I hear people going nuts for that show. All I know is it’s like Victorian times and everyone has sex?
175989914,"I had a very abusive and cold mother as well. I think the worst thing is I was very sick as a child and she would not take care of me. I used to have to beg her for a ride to the hospital. But I survived all those awful times and came to the conclusion a long time ago that some women just don't want children. I had wished things were different, but they weren't. And the most important thing I can tell you is......Let go of it ! You have to life for yourself . You can't live your entire life for someone else's approval. Whatever problems your mother has they are hers to deal with. But you are not a little girl anymore and you don't need anyone's approval. Go after whatever it is you want in life and don't look back. There are many kind and loving people in this world, those are the ones you need to surround yourself with. If you show love to others, you will find them."
175989915,I failed to understand the first sentence? Was there any typo?
175989916,"Find somewhere that fits your values. If you are liberal, any west coast city. If you are red. You know where to go. Hugs."
175989917,"Odd socks, the only way to go. Tomorrow that movie."
175989918,"I tried to, but one of the mods locked it. No further posts may be added."
175989919,"Sometimes boredom promotes creativity, but not if you’re bored all the time. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175989920,"Hi Rich, Do you take anything for your anxiety? Maybe it needs to be tweaked. I know how you feel, my anxiety has been high lately too. Just the most simple things have become difficult. I agree with HT, shake things up a bit. Step out of your comfort zone and see if you can still get things accomplished. I know it is hard. Know we are all here for you. We are all in the same boat right now and with the holidays upon us, things seem extra stressful. Breathe... I know this probably sounds stupid but sometimes I just wiggle my big toes to know I am still in control. For some strange way it helps. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989921,"Psychosis, for me, is when I experience certain things like a loss of touch with reality. It is when I am convinced of things that clearly aren't true, such as people persisting in working against me, people being out to get me, etc. People look weird when I am psychotic -- I'll often believe they are aliens or something. I'll also have delusions. I can't remember the content of my delusions exactly."
175989922,Fajita fajita! Ay yi yiiiii!
175989923,A minor prophet from the Old Testament of the Bible.
175989924,"Sometimes I do, but I usually don't. At least not lately. When my daily routine is thrown off I dont use the bathroom properly, sleep properly, or eat properly. And with working, its gonna take time to get into a new routine."
175989925,Or cocoa?
175989926,"I'm so stressed I feel like I'll have a stroke. Maybe I should try to sleep, I'm worn out"
175989927,"I laugh at myself all the time but sometimes I get scared. Anyways, my sister wont graduate this year cuz of the coronavirus. My mom was crying."
174388261,"160 thousand posts. My heart beats 160bpm because I love everything and I solved a puzzle for IQ of 160. It's 160 more miles worth of driving in my car when the sun goes down to think about how to solve my mental illness, Age sweet 160tee is when I die in the year 2156 when I will be uploaded to a computer after anti-aging, when I become a billionaire of 160 billion dollars. Too much unnecessary cheese? There's never enough! The world ends in 160 years or less tbh though. Maybe like a couple years before armageddon (According to my friend with schizophrenia in the psych ward)."
175989928,"I'm so sorry, DT. I went through all that too when I was trying to run my business. Get backed up with taxes and they just take all of it. :/ I hope it will resolve soon into a better situation. Sometimes it helps to call them (the IRS) and try to work out a better payment plan."
175989929,"Here's What Online Harassment Looks Like | AJ+ - YouTube AJ+ explores the targeted harassment women face online and how it can become all too real. It's not just women who speak out, online harassment has also become part of the power and control of domestic violence."
175989930,I'm sorry to hear. Do you think it's a possible side effect from something?
175989931,_PERSON_. And they dont have automated pickup everywhere. Only in like 700 or less stores it says. But apparently the automated pickup was tested first in Oklahoma. So that might be why we have it here.
175989932,Umm wow that's weird af honestly. I swear I was reading all these posts? Ummmm yea hahha . _USER_ID_ me I guess
175989933,"Yeah I was just thinking that, time really flies, it's kind of scary lol That's cool that you ordered Christmas cards. I'm excited about Christmas because I'll actually be able to buy people gifts this year since I live in a more affordable apartment now."
175989934,"HUGS SP, I hope your BF is okay."
175989935,I dont think my doctor would give me my ap if I was pregnant.
175989936,"I’m in a 7 year relationship with my boyfriend that suffers from depression and pain. He’s agitated all the time. Hates his job. Hates where we live. Has no friends. Snaps at me. Acts like I’ve done something wrong. We have no family here. I’m feeling very alone in this and starting to feel like I’m getting depressed too. I’m not sure how to cope with this anymore. Looking for anyone that can relate or share advice. I feel like Ive explored all the options. He won’t get help. He feels like meds and doctors in the past made everything worse. I’ve gone to counselors myself even if he won’t, but unfortunately have not had a good experience with any of them. I’m sad. Now with the whole world dealing with a crisis I feel more alone and isolated than ever."
175989937,There's so many things I can do but I don't know what first. The Invega has really stabilized me. I feel like doing an online course.
175989938,BB bout to get buff
175989939,"I have scoliosis and some problems with my hip since childhood. But what pains me the most is my left shoulder. I chalk it up to sleeping on my side but IDK. Maybe that, maybe not. When this COVID 19 stuff is over I need to go get a deep tissue massage."
175989940,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175989941,I thought you didn’t drink for the most part?
175989942,Treat yo self!
175989943,"I'm having really bad akathisia tonight and I didn't know what to do so I took some of my klonopin. It's like torture. I haven't had it since starting the thorazine and perphenazine like a year ago. I wonder if caffeine can make it worse, I had a lot of caffeine today"
175989944,"I'm happy with what I have now, but that doesn't stop me from wanting to advance, as well. I guess there's always a constant flux in life; we can always be somewhere else or do something else. But, for me, it has more to do with the fact that I'm advancing towards goals that makes me okay in the present, if that makes sense. I guess there's also a reciprocal relationship between being okay in the present and being able to advance towards my goals, too."
175989945,Started taking vitamin C again Have a dentist appointment tomorrow. Glad I have klonopin because otherwise I'd be having a panic attack during it. Trying to think more positively. I've slipped back into my negative thinking patterns lately and want to change that.
175989946,"I just mean like... not the actual winner, but like say with war the conqueror is going to write how great they are even if they're ****ing assholes who slaughtered people. Like white supremacy. White people gonna write how great they made North America. BLEH."
175989947,I hope I don't die.
175989948,That’s basically what they suggest you eat to increase your protein.
175989949,"I Hope This Brings You Comfort as It Has Helped Me To Keep Moving Forward ??,?"
175989950,Take a picture when it's finished!
175989951,"I can see if they can , I think I’m just going to push through this though and go to my appointments tomorrow. I’ll ask for more ibuprofen , and I’ll try to get a walk in appointment at my GPs clinic Wednesday if I’m not feeling better by then"
175989952,"All I know is fish oil is good stuff. For me, the EPA kind helps a lot. There's also the DHA kind."
175989953,Thanks for your response. It takes a lot of time and energy to live my life right now. My handwriting is shaky and my hands shake occasionally. I am blessed with an understanding sister who has a daughter with major anxiety issues. One of the awful parts of having this illness is the loss of credibility with others who don't understand.
175989954,Glad you are doing better today _AT_MENTION_
175989955,Thank you. Each day I wake up hoping that the next will be better. I think if the skin burning went away I would manage the other things better. I do plan to continue on... it seems like the medication is helpful for a lot of people.
175989956,Good luck bluebird!
175989957,No. Maybe tomorrow
175989958,"Hi there I heard your words. There is absolutely no exception when it comes to bullying. First, find someone who could help you - the trustworthy. Never feel alone because like there are negative people, there are also positive people. You should make an effort to make new friend because doing so helps you a lot. Maybe talk to your teacher or seek therapy."
175989959,"Yes that’s what my therapist recommended me, today has been a good day though almost no anxiety ...yesterday it was some anxiety so yes definitely trying it out ...I try to stay optimistic about it...as I was before the pandemic I mean literally I was always trying to help Other anxiety sufferers"
175989960,"Yeah I also realized that a higher dose of olanzapine (10 mg) helps my anxiety, too. Like a lot. So I somehow have to communicate all of this to my psychiatrist on Tuesday."
175989961,Thank you. Knowing you got better gives me hope.
175989962,"Good luck with your volunteering falcon, if it's too much you could always stop but it's good to give it a chance I was terrified the first time I volunteered but it ended up being a great experience"
175989963,"Found an alternative to couples counseling since it’s so expensive. I read people tweeting about this app called Lasting. It’s a marriage counseling app. You pair your app on your phone with your partners on their phone. Same app for both of u. Unfortunately it does cost money. 15/month or like 79/yr. But fiancé and I only started it last night and learned something about our relationship that we don’t agree on that we each didn’t know. All within the first 10 min of using the app. What the app does is, it has 5 min courses. You and your partner take the same courses. But it’s so simple. You sign up with the app and do a relationship personality quiz as does your partner. You pair the app. You do a 5 min course that consists of one page of a couple of paragraphs. Then a multiple choice question about either u or your partner depending on the course content. Then you may or not write a few sentences on the last page question. It depends on if the course section has one or not. It takes 5 
min. And once u both are done, the app walks you through and eases you through showing each other your answers. I wouldn’t say it’s easy nor would I say it’s a replacement for couples therapy. But fiancé was adamant about not going to see a therapist. And it wouldn’t say it’s easy if it wasn’t. Because fiancé has adhd and has trouble reading. So for it to be a mix of a quiz, essay, and reading that only takes 5 min total, it works to get him engaged. And the incentive of seeing the other persons answers is eye opening. So this seems to be doing the job!"
175989964,"Take care of yourself.. Mania crash is like after a good MDMA roll - Need 5-HTP supplements, sleep, healthy food, lots of water, exercise, love, good hygiene/shower/bath, supportive/non-toxic people around you (So you don't feel loneliness).. You take it easy, chill, good music, pets.. Christmas and New Years is a good time to do this. Presents, booze, bright lights, Make some plans.. Write it all down. The thing you did with your moms side of the family is quite traumatic - Considering how orientated you are with connecting people together etc.. So some could be that.. Our mothers are on the opposite side of each other on the spectrum of toxicity."
175989965,"Pizza bagel, didn't want to eat but made myself"
175989966,"Ordered a 12pk of Zevia zero calorie cream soda, 12pk of shrimp ramen noodle cups, and 12 4pks of sugar free vanilla pudding cups"
175989967,"Everything came out perfect. Here’s some pics though they may post sideways It looks more like a home now Attached Images 19C2471F-5649-4347-B771-E11ED1D8F11B.jpg (147.1 KB, 11 views) 893F7830-0936-4DB9-A880-6B6CDC293B92.jpg (201.5 KB, 14 views) C547541C-BE9C-432F-98CB-10063821D686.jpg (125.8 KB, 11 views)"
175989968,No. I don’t. I hate my life right now. Everyone is mad at me.
175989969,Nope.
175989970,"I see trails when under florescent lights. But that is the only time. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175989971,It seems so. I am undergoing TMS therapy currently and I have some hope that it will work.
175989972,"No I didn’t, no. I think it’s an anxiety thing or maybe not eating enough or maybe not even eating right the past week plus anxiety."
175989973,"A genetic test is not a definitive cancer sentence. Genetics play a role, but can be positively modified by lifestyle choices. I've had and understand health anxiety and know that it is hard work to overcome it. Take care and hang in there."
175989974,"_USER_ID_, why not then? Lmao. I might see a movie. I don’t think I have any money tho. Or something. They have TV on there, too. The movies are only like 3.99-4.99 per movie, even brand new ones and you sit in a virtual theatre with other people. Real people. Or you can watch alone in your VR home room. I’ve made some progress past 2 days and I sorta wanna treat myself. I’ve been writing lots n lots of poetry. I sent my book into a publisher. A big name one. So we will see about that. I got featured on an Instagram. Pretty big one. I have an appt on the phone with my pdoc today. I got my groceries on the way. Should be here soon. I’ve also been keeping my blog and my landing page up to date past 2 weeks. Only thing I’m lacking right now is finances and that should come on the 15th. Funny how i can see all the positives when I’m feeling fine. Oh! And I helped fiancé out in a couple of applications for ups and FedEx driver. More tonight. He makes 11 an hour and these two jobs start at 1
7 and hour! And they are in this vicinity. _PERSON_"
175989975,"i used to take seroquel specifically for anxiety. it did sedate me a bit, but i didn't mind it. i now only use a small amount of it for sleep. but i did find it useful for when i was very anxious. i don't know how it works for OCD though. i have OCD traits (they were way way worse years ago), but i have no clue how it would help specifically for that besides just turning down the volume, so to speak, in your head. it's worth a try. just keep in mind it could be sedating, so you might want to use it at night and/or a super small dose in the daytime. ask if you can cut the pill into pieces. that is what i do as i am sensitive to meds."
175989976,"Library volunteering went well, I just cut pumpkins off of pieces of paper. I only stayed one hour instead of two though, just to get acclimated."
175989977,I also kinda feel like I should forego buying medicine and necessary things to control my illness to control my spending. I know it's irrational. But that's the way I feel right now.
175989978,I wonder how much weight now. I was at 188 but I think I gained weight.
175989979,I took my blood pressure meds
175989980,"Hi, Nice hibee, must be so peaceful to walk there, it was a rough weekend for me...I’m coming back to meds for now...before it escalates more. Let’s start the week !!"
175989981,"Mine has glass beads in it. It is hot, especially as its over 100 degrees here during the days now but I just stick my feet out of the bottom. I like the feel of it on my stomach and chest...the weight. It makes me feel secure."
175989982,Possible tornado in the area.
175989983,"Working on the dough for polar bear gingerbread cookies, I will just make the dough today and rest it until tomorrow. I needed something distracting because it will take a week to know about my sis. It’s possible she’ll have to move back in with my parents if it comes back positive. I can’t even send her treats because she’s eating healthy. I just feel like there is nothing I can do."
175989984,"I need to meditate but I can't. I just want excitement, ecstasy, meaning, experience, intellectual stimulation, spirituality, or death idk"
175989985,My sister is giving me some cash for Christmas so that will help get me through the rest of the month
175989986,"I am beyond stressed out. _PERSON_ is so extremely upset about this apt situation. He keeps asking me to get a number for him to call about the situation, yet keeps getting angry about it. The moment I turn around to google the number, he’s like “what’s the number? What’s the name of the place. I’ll call them myself”. Like fckn let me google it. You’re not even giving me a chance to. Fock man. So stressed out. And I haven’t done crap for this advertisement, which should’ve been in last Wednesday. They keep emailing me And I’m bound by a contract for that, so I have absolutely gotta do at least the test video TODAY. Plus I gotta work on like 5 art pieces for the gallery before Saturday. Plus 10 other important but not urgent things I need to do for my writing career. Like get pieces out ASAP to medium and my blog. I really wasn’t super stressed til he got upset. I talked to my mom and she said what I need to do but to not get upset about it because there’s a whole process. An
d fiancé is wanting to call corporate like right now, right now. I said “no, what we need to do is email or mail a letter so that there is a paper or digital trail”. I knew that already but my parents said that too. He’s gonna get us in a bind if he gets angry over the phone, where this is no trail, just his words."
175989987,Feel better <3
175989988,Keep calm and ask for help if you think you need it. Don't give up. Good luck.
175989989,light blue is what I was considering too thanks
175989990,I felt totally fine yesterday and the last couple days. I talked to my doctor yesterday and told him how good I was feeling. I feel like my thoughts are being stolen again. I go to google things and my thoughts disappear. They’re being blocked and stolen.
175989991,"Haven't played video games in a while, but I had been playing pokemon gold. Gotta leave for therapy soon, so I'll probably bring my 3DS with me in my car and play some games while I wait. I always like to leave early just in case there's bad traffic (e.g., car accident or construction)."
175989992,only fantasy books i've gotten into is _NAME_ and after the last _NAME_ book I've not caught up on other _NAME_ stuff since then. I do however want to reread the books. Was highly disappointed in the last _NAME_ book. _PERSON_ like it was written like a horrible fanfiction and was hoping _NAME_ would of died like every other beloved character in the series.
175989993,Have you let your doc know? I got taken off seroquel because I got dizzy and thought I was going to pass out on seroquel.
175989994,Hey good morning
175989995,"My sister started a go fund me for her insurance next year so she can get cancer treatment...she’s already raised like 1800 dollars in one day, I guess Instagram followers really do mean something ? Faith in humanity is good."
175989996,- an apple
174388384,"I've just come across an interview with the creator of black mirror _NAME_, who outlines the parody of what's now termed a black mirror moment, this seems to conclude the current psychological hoodwinking found within group gaslighting, psychosis, and gang stalking. As the carpet is all ways been rolled up upon the unwitting victim traveling through this clandestine ordeal alone and isolated seeking the answer as to what's occurring in reality. I think some of you, who are aware or privy to the knowledge of what this is, as it's a 'game' to a certain clique of people with a common interest. Also, this is now reflected within the wider environment and consciousness, via gaming culture, shaming culture, fake news, COVID 19, _PERSON_ time as President, Gang _PERSON_, Gaslighting and the starting point for me, experiencing hearing voices and tonal sounds from my left side of my head or ear canal. ( I know this sounds either fooled or Crazy, though that is the 'game' in a nutshell.) You could even draw 
a comparison to the hidden networking of perp's ( mobbers, doxxing unaware people) or the occultic hexing of people being Tagged in this way. Here is a link, some of you will know what the point is, _NAME_ on Black Mirror Vs Reality | Good Morning Britain - YouTube"
175989997,"Yes, after my walk, I got a shower and washed my hair and shaved my legs."
175989998,I try and have been getting better and better over the years. I'm more of like a healthy infp now. That's why I was talking about my friend. He seems to be the same but he's not doing anything and has so much potential. I planned on going to the library last week but I will tomorrow maybe.
175989999,"Hello everyone, Can I ask a question? I got my baby last 5months ago via Caesarean section, my question is, what kind of exercise would be nice for a CS like me? I have a back problem from injection. And been stressing out since my baby came out. My anxiety is to the highest level and I got mad easy to my husband. I have a short fuse as well. I don’t know how to control my temper. This maybe because of my hormones. I don’t really know. Maybe exercise will help me with my health. I love to sweat out before but not anymore. I don’t even respect anymore my husband when I get mad at him. All the curse and insulting words I throw it. I really feel bad. I kept telling him to remind me my conscience or make me feel the conscience so that I will stop my mouth. I hold my stress and don’t know how to release it. My husband told me to buy a punching bag. Or get a hobby. But for now I can’t because I have my baby he took all of my time. I just need to know what kind of exercise before I will start my 
day. Thank you guys for responding my message. It will help me a lot. I have my doctor appointment this week. I will ask him also about my concerned. I don’t want to go back having a depression again. Or having a panic attack. It’s been 1year in a half I don’t have those episode and not taking anything for that. I gave up my sleeping pills and lorazepam when I knew I am pregnant."
175990000,Not yet.
175990001,"I’ve been thinking about this article tonight after reading it, and I wonder if this is only the tip of the iceberg. We are just now getting to a point where we can learn about the brain more, and can perform some of these tests (and have a lot of experience with what the meds do). Wouldn’t surprise me if in 30 years or so the technology of the day will look back on these meds as beyond barbaric. Neuron-seizing? (Neuro-leptic) Yep, you better believe it."
175990002,Forgot to take daily phenibut In 2 hours I'll be better. Today I'm going for a walk with my mom. I wanted to read but I can do that when I get home I guess =]
175990003,Yeah I’ve got pdoc in April too...going to have to suck it up and go....sucks though because it’s in the hospital......
174388411,"Yeah I was dealing with psychosis too. Now that psychosis is on check, time to heal the PTSD. I wish you the best for your journey to recovery, let’s heal together"
174388393,"Thank you _AT_MENTION_ Dawn, you made my day!"
175990004,granny _NAME_ apple
175990005,I have never robbed a bank.
175990006,Maybe it’s the ativan idk and lack of sleep
175990007,I don’t know but I know if I stop drinking coffee for a few days I start getting a little depressed. And sometimes when I drink it it makes me feel euphoric and on top of the world so maybe Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990008,"Yeah. That's a good idea. I just don't want it to be too disjointed or else they'll be like, what? And I know they won't understand about my head being heavy and my eyes being dark. But I am sure they can understand about wanting to throw myself against walls and stuff like that. But I do need to bring up the demon since he's back. I definitely think he is a he. I'm going to tell my parents too who will probably flip out. I hope they don't send me to the hospital. I'd probably get covid and die."
175990009,We dont. But it looks like the chocolate creme pie is in stock...so far. Just waiting to see how much stuff was in stock after the person has shoppped for the items.
175990010,"Disney + is available in my country now, I subscribed and just started watching The Mandalorian. Love it so far!"
175990011,Wrote the initial script.
175990012,ok anxiety is better
175990013,"Once I'm completely moved in (have all my stuff here and don't have to keep running back and forth between apartments) I'm going to look into volunteering. I'll be completely settled in here by March, then I'll start doing that. Then I'm making payments every month towards my college to pay off what I owe them so I can start classes again in the spring of 2021"
175990014,I also feel like reading a ton tonight and I cannot. Just can't bring myself to do it.
175990015,That sounds really good ?
175990016,"My muscles are really achy today. I don't know if it is the fibromyalgia or if it is the statin medication I'm taking, or if it is just wonderful me. Ha"
175990017,"I posted this on fb just now: _PERSON_ and I were talking about Christmas catalogs. He said he used to get the Toys-R-Us catalogs when he was a kid. I said I got the Neiman _NAME_ catalog as a kid. He said he saw all the coolest toys, and I was like “There were Aston _NAME_’s, designed by celebrities, in the back of the Neiman _NAME_ catalog. You could go out to lunch with like _NAME_ buffet.”. Omg I didn’t realize how spoiled I was as a kid. I got to choose stuff from that catalog. Takes me back."
175990018,Very entry level library job....basically my allergies and cognitive issues derailed my Career...cognition is fixed now but science isn’t forgiving and I still have the allergies. Anyway long story short picking up a masters in library science...this is just a part time starter job to do along with school. But it will be perfect for me so fingers crossed....
175990019,I just ordered these freeze dried smoothies you just mix with milk...feel like I’ve been short on my fruits and veg lately.....
175990020,"I'm gonna set up a phone call with my old psychologist. He was also a psych nurse that gave me my injection every 3 weeks. I think he's a neuropsychologist or something. He was always there for me even when I was taking all of those research chemicals. He told me straight.. He told me how it IS. Like no ********. It's what I need. I told him the truth always and he said ""Idk how smart people like *me* can do such stupid things sometimes"". He was the best. I really miss his insight. And I can't believe that I'm alive. I should be dead 100x over. I have a lot to tell him but don't know what I'm going to say first and in what order. I really need lots of therapy but my current therapist just listens and I can only see her once every 2 weeks. It's not enough. And it's like the only therapy that I get is thinking things out for myself.. I'm just addicted to thinking and thinking.. Until I solve everything but I can't.. Then I need to sleep and shut all my thinking down.. It's just that the more I thin
k, the more I solve my problems.. But I just make more problems and discoveries the more I think.."
175990021,That's me already at 26 lol
175990022,_PERSON_ Pepper
175990023,The anxiety might be because I had to stop the beta blocker a couple days ago. It was just making my blood pressure too low and dizziness worse when combined with the higher dose of thorazine I'm just hoping I get used to this as time goes on. I don't think I've ever once called to have an earlier therapy appointment than scheduled but I thought it would be a good idea considering how I've been feeling lately. I think I freaked my friend out a bit at how I was shaking and just weird overall..
175990024,"I will be 28 in 3 weeks. Not a student, been trying to find a decent job in my area."
175990025,"Also, I hate living with my parents."
175990026,Obsessed with Pinterest again
175990027,Is it a sign of psychosis?
174388426,"It's my grandads funeral on Wednesday. I'm really not looking forward to it. I feel bad because we can only have 10 people come to the funeral because of the coronavirus. I've also got the clozapine clinic on Wednesday, which means I can't really go to the after part."
175990028,Why? On what?
174388428,"Dear _PERSON_, So glad you're feeling a little better. Small steps in the right direction. Every little bit counts. And please remember _AT_MENTION_ is loved by many here at PC! God bless you, dear precious friend!"
175990029,"Charging my wireless earphones so they’re ready for tomorrow when I clean the apartment. I’ll probably be up all night since I slept all day. I have enough distractions to get through the night though. Video games, internet, journaling, word search puzzles, sketching, reading. Then I can get an early start on the cleaning first thing in the morning."
175990030,I want to settle the question if god is real or not. With math. My religious friends don’t hate me I just want the truth. Once I get my math degree I’ll have all the skills I need to get the equation.
175990031,Every day 24/7 some days are easier than others.
175990032,Do you ever get grumpy after 3 cups? My stomach ends in a knot and I get in a bad mood after. It might be writer's block though...
175990033,Been reading up on synesthesia. Prob will do an article on that.
175990034,"We didn't sleep for 2 days, then slept for almost 18 hrs..."
175990035,Having anger issues. I'm trying to get it back in control before it gets out of control. It is starting to affect my everyday life and not sure of the steps to take to improve my situation. What are the best things to do to get back to myself? I'm new to all this. I have never reached out for support I'm used to dealing and figuring things out on my own but this is different and I feel I should seek help in this and not sure how to do any of this.
175990036,Reading about the health benefits of different foods and spices. Put some cinnamon in my black coffee https://food-hacks.wonderhowto.com/h...offee-0167930/
175990037,"Hi All, I don’t recognize many names anymore. I’m back after quite awhile away. My anxiety is off the charts these days because my sister attempted suicide over the holidays. I’m filled with so much anxiety and stress and anger and sadness and I think it’s morphing into a bout of IBS-D. So not only is there all that, but the IBS is so bad that I feel absolutely horrific and of course terrified it could be something more serious. I don’t know what to do to feel better physically or mentally. I’m wrecked and don’t know how to process all the insane emotions. Any words at all"
175990038,"We are back after having an amazing time!!! The change in routine is always a bit of a challenge, but it only lasted for the first day or so, and then I was able to embrace the unpredictable and enjoy the new and serendipitous. I had a bit of a rough time on the last day since we had to get up early (and I didn't sleep well that night) and rush to get to the airport. Add to it that it was super hot and humid the last 2 days we were there, and I started to have that 'I'm going to pass out' feeling... ...but I was able to use my breathing and positive mantras to keep calm and pull out of the anxiety. We saw incredible beaches, and the volcano and waterfalls...did an amazing reef snorkel experience...ate delicious food and all in all enjoyed just about all the goodness there was on the island. Thanks for all the well wishes. It was great to get away...but as always good to be home as well! S.C."
175990039,"Yes, shaved my head too"
175990040,"That's exactly what I asked after the university. I kept on working a dead end job, then secured another higher paying job, but that wasn't enough either, so I started to write because my soul still missed something. The United States' government talks a big game about freedom. I with it did for economic freedom. Most of us make survival money. I was taught if you work hard you can achieve the American dream. However, I soon came to find out that there will never be a rich donkey."
174388468,"_PERSON_ it's possible that in the start, your bf thinks he can handle your mental illness and then over time he doesnt know what he's getting himself into (In his mind). But if he's the right person for you and you're the right person for him, he'll support you and stick through it. So I would tell him that you're getting better (And you are - I can see huge progress in psychosis). The biggest thing that couples fight over though is MONEY. That's a fact. I should write things down because otherwise my therapy is useless. I have no idea what I'm going to say to my therapist and I'm at my therapists office right now. Therapy would benefit you _PERSON_ especially with relationship and family issues. But your clinic sucks so much that idk if it's worth it where you are. You're very spiritual and intelligent. I know you're not hopeless and can make something of yourself. I see schizophrenia as a huge challenge which isnt hopeless."
175990041,I hope things go well for you SP <3 You've been stable for many years on just one med. It must be hard with your sister and mom having cancer - That would make anyone feel confused and without hope in a way. Sending good vibes <3
175990042,Oh cool he already has like 90 podcasts. He has a loooooottt of energy
175990043,"Thank you so much _NAME_, I want to take my wife and go away for a week but have no idea how to tell my father in law. My wife will ask him to go as she feels its the right thing to do. He will accept because he cannot be alone. He just sits and broods all day like a child when he is alone. He is capable of doing everything I am so he does not NEED us to take care of him. I am hoping our councilor will tell her she needs to set boundaries for him. We do so much together with him such as eating out or going to movies. Why he cant see we need time away from him I will never know. I believe he knows this he just chooses to intrude all the time because he is selfish. Hugs right back to you Miss _NAME_"
175990044,"You are so right that it's an uphill battle. And it's one so many cannot see. But you're doing great because you found what works for you. When I'm really down, I love to listen to music, sing, bake something sweet, garden or read. When the anxiety threatens to overwhelm me, I try to remember Psalm 34:18 ""God is close to the brokenhearted. He saves those who are crushed in spirit."" That's when I cry and get my feelings out to Him and then try to continue with my day. Being active helps me too. Walking and exercising usually helps me to focus and not concentrate on myself for that hour or so. I hope you continue to find things that can bring you peace and joy."
175990045,"The inspection is over. They just checked that all the lights and appliances were working okay, and the smoke alarm and to make sure I have a fire extinguisher and the utility closet for whatever is in there. It was so fast and simple. All that anxiety for like a 20 second process"
175990046,It was not meant seriously. though I imagine rural communities would prove more robust in the face of a zombie apocalypse compared to their urban counterparts.
175990047,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about OCD. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=OC... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage 
you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175990048,Have a support worker twice a week. Via a charity i recei _NAME_ a refurbished laptop. Get some credit hapoening and i will be up n running. Been mowing last two days..and put out a stack of hardware for a neighbour. Am setting up a fish tank. Winter thus freezing at night and thd turtles aches n pains more pronounced. Hi everyone. HT
175990049,Bowl of oatmeal w/ walnuts and raisins
175990050,Having a bit of akathisia-like feelings. But also doing really good. I'm almost out of quarantine - Just one more day. I've been in the house for 2 weeks. My mom and sister went skiing twice + for a hike because there hasn't been a cloud in the sky for a week.
175990051,"Still on Latuda. I feel pretty good today, the hallucinations have stopped. I think they were caused by the ptsd work I was doing or stress. I bought some electrolytes and protein shakes so, I have so much ENERGY! Hopefully I can get back to normal, exercising and cleaning like usual. I think I do so much I exhaust myself. I'm already tired again."
175990052,"I’m of the same opinion as you _NAME_. I think the panic is pretty outrageous. That’s why I’m staying away from news and Facebook, etc. just people panicking and scaring the hell out of each other."
175990053,"I found out what the pain is that I've been having for 3+ years on my back ""Behind my heart"".. - It's a cyst!! Not my heart or pericardium! My mom always watches dr. pimple popper and she says she will help in the morning so i trust her as much as a doctor lol"
175990054,But the tiredness and negative schiz symptoms kill me
175990055,Does anyone have a RAV4 or a CRV? They seem about the same to me and I can’t make up my mind. I found a RAV4 I kinda like. It has leather heated seats and a moonroof which is about my whole must have list. It’s freaking silver though and idk if I love it. It also has more mileage than I think I’d like. It’s a 2017 w/30k. The CRV I kinda liked was silver too. What’s the deal with that? This is the RAV I’m no good at this stuff. As long as it gets me from one place to another I don’t really care what I drive.
175990056,"My past week was good. But I'm looking forward to this week. Today I saw my dentist, and he said their are no new issues with my teeth, I'm glad to say. No problems with my teeth means that I don't have to spend more money on dental issues, for awhile anyway."
175990057,Hi _NAME_ Pleased to hear you are having a good week. _NAME_ Enjoy the fair. HT Hi mate hope your well? _PERSON_
175990058,I am too much for the world of work. I feel unqualified to do practically anything. Now I am trying to start my own business. But just going all in on that seems a difficult matter.
175990059,_NAME_ - What Child Is This
175990060,I find it hard to just start and do something. Weed allows me to do that - To just sit still and zone out. But reading is much slower on it. I'm gonna try and read again today. Vyvanse isn't high enough to sit still. Sometimes I take extra and I feel a little stoned and relaxed - Yet awake. But I have to take it as prescribed so...
175990061,"My roommate told me my cat is declining because she threw up today. But cats throw up. Then she said she did multiple times. Yeah, because she was outside and ate grass. Then she said that because shes been hiding. But she hid days ago that she did that. Then she said she was moaning at night. She always does that because she wants to be an out door cat. Then she said I need to get a better pain med for her. She's trying to override what the vet told me. Then she said we need to spoil her again. I bought the expensive canned food, and I have treats for her. I take her outside every day. :-/"
175990062,"Sketching some, it says I love art Attached Images IMG_2537.jpg (143.0 KB, 14 views)"
175990063,Thank you!
175990064,"OG, That sounds amazing...and something you'll be very good at! You were a conscientious and responsible employee at the bank...and you will bring those same qualities to this job as well. First day nerves are normal for anyone starting a new job...but you've got this! Do let us know how it goes, okay? _PERSON_"
175990065,Oh man I needed a vaccine for school but there was an outbreak of whooping cough making it impossible to find the vaccine....i went to three different pharmacies and finally got it.
175990066,Morning Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175990067,I disagree. _PHONE_NO_
175990068,Need a brain rest......will have a lot of homework tomorrow though.....
175990069,"I am so angry with my old psychiatrist. I don't get why he just terminated me as a patient. Makes me feel really, really bad."
175990070,Hope it goes well!!!
175990071,"Hi Problems and welcome! I too am sorry to hear that you are dealing with so many varying emotions. Swinging from one end of the pendulum of feelings to the other can leave us wrung out and exhausted both emotionally and physically. Are you currently working with a P-doc to try and achieve a more level state with your moods? If you tell us a little more about your history of coping skills (therapy, self help, ect) it could help us to make some possible suggestions of what might be a helpful next step. Post with us anytime. We care, understand and support is key! S.C"
175990072,I remember when i was a kid about 5-6 years old boy. I started treating my allergy for about 2 consecutif years . If i recall correctly i felt the same as now ( the change ) but with time i got used to it. I hope ill get over this things the same way after i finish my treatment.
175990073,It actually prevents colon cancer......
175990074,"Reading some manga. Going to get a physical tomorrow then my friend is helping me carry some stuff from my old place back to here. Friday we're hanging out for the day. Not much going on during the weekend, will be cleaning. Might take a walk to the library and hang out there for awhile. My friend gave me the Christmas present he got me today (he ordered it on amazon and it arrived way later than it was supposed to) It's an expansion to a card game I play. So I'm going to be playing that soon which I'm excited for. Got 10,500 steps in today. I need to get my art books and supplies here so I can work on some drawings, it's been so long since I've drawn anything."
174388513,"I taught in the morning. Then, I went out to pay the bills and shop for food. It took me four hours to do this. I was exhausted afterwards then slept for 15 minutes. I feel fine now. I am happy. Life has its ups and downs but right now I am on a upward trend. I cleaned my apartment this past weekend. I also washed my clothes. I then woke up early today to teach. I took my medication then taught. I am now going to do my night shift and teach again. I feel fine. Life could not be better. I am focusing primarily on taking care of myself and working. I feel great at times. I look fine too. I put on my contacts and my makeup. I am wearing decent clothes. I thank my parents for their help to help me get back on my feet. Now, it is time to become independent and save some money. I bought my books today and will read them. They're not as hard as I thought but the material or subject is not easy because I have no knowledge of real estate yet. It will become easier as I read more books and do more problems. 
I am happy!! Hopefully, everybody here is hanging in there or doing ok!! Just take it one day at a time and don't sweat it!"
174388525,"I'm gonna try 200mg of NAC (N-Acetylcysteine). It's an amino acid prodrug used for tylenol overdose in the ~20g range. Allergic reaction can happen. But people with anhedonia and schizophrenia take it in combination with sarcosine - But sarcosine made my heart beat weird so I stopped. Also, apparently it's supposed to be good with my acne antibiotic? (Minocycline?).. Cool.. ""Preclinical evidence shows that the minocycline and N-acetylcysteine (NAC) combination synergistically improved cognition. _NAME_-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with minocycline and NAC have shown some efficacy signal for positive, cognitive, and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Hence, the combination may be more effective than either medication alone. The objective of this article is to highlight the potential role of the minocycline-NAC combination for the treatment of schizophrenia. The antipsychotic-minocycline-NAC combination is promising and has the potential to concurrently treat positive, cognitive, 
and primary negative symptoms. RCTs are warranted with the minocycline-NAC combination to address the unmet clinical need in schizophrenia."" Tomorrow I'm gonna call the doctor about the 10mg Dexedrine IR. If he says no, then I hope that this supplement will work for cognition. Cuz I'm tired as hell right now - Maybe I'm getting the cold? Who knows.."
174388523,"I am doing well today. My Covid test results were negative. And I feel so much better. I've been doing chores around the house, and today I took my car in to be serviced. It was a nice wait. I stayed busy on my phone. I survived. I was worried about taking care of my car for a while. It's all good until next year. Next is my doctor appointment for my back. I'm getting an injection. I believe it will really help me. I look forward to when I can walk around the block again."
175990075,I take Thorazine for psychosis and haven't had problems with it but I don't know what dose it's used for nausea
175990076,"Oh no, wait a min!!! What happened to kitten?"
175990077,"Recently I've been spending some time with my fiance, and as much as I love spending time with him recently I've been having a very hard time staying with him as I end up heading home after just a few days. Ever since I got the baclofen pump installed my life has opened up and I now have a new perspective on everything! Getting back to the main point, I've been feeling guilty about being away from my home and family, this isn't soul crushing. But it often leads to in a sense of anxiety which causes my hearts rythm to go haywire. This often effects my breathing, making it almost impossible to calm down. So I'll listen to _NAME_ ""deep healing"" guided meditation, In conjunction with _NAME_ ""Help heal inner child shame and guilt"", and a variety of songs in sanskrit by _PERSON_ which helps to release feelings of not being enough or good enough caused by my own history with trauma and neglect. One downside is that it opened my subconcious and created terrible nightmares around choking while being cha
sed and of being looked after by total strangers at one point. Are there other things that I can do to reduce anxiety so that I can go outside without feeling like I'm going to have a hear attack. This also makes me feel like a bad friend/person, because I'm not actively contributing to my relationships, but I avoid reaching out because I'm afraid of being too negative. My fiance understands, but has suggested that I go back to my psychiatrist. Which I'm willing to do, but my question is will she take me back and how to handle all of this during the covid-19 shutdown. Main points •Guilt •stress/anxiety •heart palpitations •my coping skills •you are not alone"
175990078,I had the flu this morning but then the vyvanse kicked in and constricted all my blood vessels I took 2 vitamin C tablets
175990079,OK.
175990080,Cigarettes After Sex - Falling in Love. I've been listening to this song on repeat for like hours lately. I can't stop listening to it. It's so good.
175990081,"So I'm a two-bit hack writer, who writes mainly for his own pleasure and not to share with people, but I'm writing a story about a gay couple (Six out of the last seven stories have been about a gay couple, yolo swag money) The main character is an operatic tenor, and the love interest who he's marrying is an operatic bass. The bass is a flawless singer and actor, while the tenor is still up and coming, and was describe as having ""the voice of an archangel, and the acting skills of a coat rack."" I'm thinking, ""how do I add drama to this story?"" Even though I will never share this with anyone, I want to write it like I'm sharing it with the world. I don't want to write a happy go lucky, nothing ever goes wrong story. So, I've got a couple things in real life I could go off of. I could go with the (in)famous _PERSON_ voice crack that happened at the Met in '92. I watched that whole opera on Youtube (before it was taken down) and I actually wasn't aware it was going to happen, and when it did, I w
as shocked. _PERSON_ was one of, if not the top tenor at that time, and it was met with a wave of boos. It was still the best performance of _NAME_ you'll ever hear, but it's not something you'd expect from someone like _PERSON_. Or, alternatively, I could go with _NAME_ incident from La Scala in 2007. _NAME_ used to be a wonderful, up and coming tenor. Then, something happened. Listening to him in the 90's compared to the 2000's, something changed. He lost his voice or something, I don't know, but he never sounded as good. He was performing Radames, which is an insanely difficult role to take on for any tenor. When _PERSON_ - the greatest tenor to ever live - won his vocal contest and was given the opportunity to perform for pay, they said, ""aight dawg, you're gonna do _PERSON_!"" and he said, ""Nah, homie, I ain't doin' that! That's a one way ticket back to the unemployment line!"" _PERSON_ did it and literally got booed off the stage. It's set in Egypt, as you can probably tell from the outfits and scener
y. He walked off the stage, despite the fact there was more to perform. Immediately afterwards, a man in a blazer and denim jeans came onto the stage and took over for him, and I mean IMMEDIATELY! Like, it was like someone said ""Oh boy, this ain't going to be good..."" _PERSON_ was a terrible miscast for that role, and La Scala is one of, if not the hardest opera house to perform in. It's in Milan, Italy, and if you do well, they will SCREAM your name and cheer you and let you feel the love. If you don't do well, well, just watch that clip. This is also set in a science fiction universe, so I can't have them perform _PERSON_ or _PERSON_ or something like that, so I need to come up with something else. Oh, wait, this is the Soundtrack of your life thread, not _NAME_ random monologues thread... Here's the greatest tenor to ever live performing what _PERSON_ got booed of the stage for https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhnx4YDokz4"
175990082,"what did the blanket say when it fell off the bed? answer: Oh Sheet hope everyone is having a nice day, i went out to lunch and didn't get anything on my new top! thats rare. now i just have to take my meds, i have been terrible about it. tams"
175990083,Hi_PERSON_ hi _NAME_ HT
175990084,Turkey sandwich
175990085,Tomorrow it will officially be 1 year of recovery from my eating disorder! Will probably get some kind of chocolate/dessert to celebrate
175990086,"I hope you start feeling better soon _AT_MENTION_ and I agree with _AT_MENTION_ psychotic to call the PDOC. Not that I'm great about taking my own advice, but, I still think it's good advice. _PERSON_"
175990087,shower staying away from ''the news''
175990088,"_AT_MENTION_, Thank you for the update. Glad your health is improving and that you know more specifically what has been going on. I missed you. _NAME_ has been doing an excellent job modding and sharing a joy and passion for the riches of classical music. This is a wonderful forum. We are lucky. Best wishes on a solid recovery! I am glad you are alive!"
175990089,hdo.hugs!!
175990090,I've been watching it all unfold when I can ...
175990091,"Oh, sorry your mom was a buzzkiller. I don't think I ever saw someone in a bunny suit before. It was just so cute."
175990092,Could be short for disorder?
175990093,Hmmm. My father did that. I’m curious who you work for.
175990094,The kids have been here for a couple of days. I’m glad my roommates cousin had to leave... from what has come out of my roommates daughter that their cousin touched her and saw her naked. He left so we have the kids back... none of the kids wanted him to stay. They said they liked me to stay. They missed me like crazy... they saw me the day they came home they were like I love you Aunt _NAME_ and I miss you! It feels awesome that the kids want me around... I feel honored in a way because of the allegations that was on me was unsubstantiated and were lies from one of my roommates sister. The house is clean... roommates get the bigger room... the boys get the middle room and the girl gets her small room to herself. My room is the front room downstairs. For now we have more space. Just need some storage space.
175990095,I second this. I got a chromebook for my birthday this year and I turned around and sold it for a new MacBook (same price as the chromebook I bought). I got the chromebook for school and couldn’t use it for any school I applied to. Chromebook isn’t an OS that is widely accepted at all. Colleges consider it a browser. Plus you do have to be 100% connected to the net at all times just to use a chromebook since they are all web based. I tried my best to like it but I just couldn’t.
175990096,_PERSON_
175990097,Ugh I gotta take down the Halloween decor in AC oh mannn
175990098,_NAME_ those ban systems are nothing but a signal coming from the head of someone collecting data and the government can collect the data from you somehow. Your probally picking up criminal activity in your area and part of your government is a bunch of psychopathic dictators. Walk with God. God prevents some of those evil spirits from entering. For me It was a horrible way to only call on God when i needed him but most importantly you do find God he will help you solve alot of your problems. Keep it simple and dont over think it. Ill be praying for you.
175990099,"Feeling pretty depressed and hearing voices and seeing things... I'm currently playing Fire Emblem Three Houses to distract me. So far, it's kinda helping... I might just buy animal crossing because I think it'll be more engaging Witcher 2 on Xbox One is painful, so I think I'm gonna stop. The graphics look like something from SNES... https://i.imgur.com/w8DTl66.jpg"
175990100,"From what I've seen books on drawing are hit or miss. They are either too serious or not serious enough. Although what I meant what medical anatomy, havn't done that in a while though. Something like this: Anatomy Atlases: Atlas of Human Anatomy: Plate 1 I wanted to get in the habit but its hard."
175990101,"""QUALITATIVE COMMENTS: (with 18 mg, orally) “Wild effects noted in an hour. Remarkable changes in sounds heard. My wife’s voice is basso, as if she had a cold—my ears with slight pressure as if my tubes were clogged but they aren’t. Radio voices are all low, music out of key. Piano sounds like a bar-room disaster. The telephone ringing sounds partly underwater. In a couple more hours, music pretty much normal again.” (with 25 mg, orally) “Within the first hour I noted changes already, and my hand-writing became very poor. I cannot seem to measure the rate of the drug’s effects as there is no obvious window through which I am moving. Abrupt sounds have golden spikes attached to them as after-sounds, but I can’t focus in on any other sensory changes. I moved into a completely quiet environment and there don’t appear to be any effects of any kind. If I were deaf, this would have been an inactive compound. How many other drugs have appeared to be inactive because I didn’t know wher
e to look for effects?” (with 50 mg, orally) “Everything was auditory, and I can only describe it with a ‘!’” (with 100 mg, orally) “Nothing until 35 minutes when a definite change in hearing was observed. There was a decrease in high frequency acuity with an unusual tonal shift of all frequencies to a lower pitch. Voices sounded very similar to a single side-band radio signal which had been mistuned to the low side of the center frequency. All familiar sounds became foreign, including the chewing of food. No effects were noted with respect to clarity of speech, and both comprehension and interpretation were normal. Music was rendered completely disharmonious although single tones sounded normal. There were no changes in vision, taste, smell, appetite, vital signs, or motor coordination. The effects began to fade at four hours post ingestion, and were completely gone at eight hours. Mild diarrhea occurred from five to ten hours post-ingestion but was not a significant problem.” (with 250 mg, ora
lly) “Shortly after I ingested the substance I heard a spirit say, ‘Once in a lifetime.’ She encouraged me to believe that I would have more life after the experience. But, there was a feeling of foreboding. The light was there, but DIPT was the body of Satan. The voices of people were extremely distorted—males sounded like frogs—children sounded like they were talking through synthesizers to imitate outer space people in science fiction movies. In fact I felt that I was somehow sent into an anti-universe where everything looked the same as normal but was a cold and empty imitation. I felt I was a fallen angel.” (with 8 mg, smoked) “In four minutes I was aware of things going on, and by eight minutes, I was at a plus 2. My tongue was numb, and my ears felt plugged up although my hearing was keen and there was a background hissing sound.” - A physician friend of mine has expressed it using a neurological vocabulary: “If it [the drug] delayed only the neural response to a stimulus, then pitch 
might have been shifted down, and yet harmony between notes should have been preserved. A variable delay related to the pitch of the stimulus would produce the disharmony but would not explain the preservation of normal relationship between single tones. It seems clear that this compound affects the auditory processing centers in the brain in a complex way which deserves further scientific study. The lack of significant toxic effects should make this compound useful for further studies.” I am in absolute agreement. Here is a drug that goes directly after the hearing system, rather than the seeing system. Let’s stick a carbon 11 on one of those isopropyl groups, and see where the drug goes using the positron emission tomography camera. Will we highlight the auditory cortex? Or maybe some association area? But if we are indeed dealing only with musical pitch, not musical structure, there might be only a small part of that cortical region visible. This could well be a tool for two things. First, the localiza
tion of the pitch center in the brain. And second, it is a prototypic drug that might allow structural modification in several directions with several augmenting atoms. Some simple homologue might well have even more remarkable and specific properties. If you don’t look, you won’t find."" So basically it's hallucinations of the auditory part of the brain. It can seem like you're going deaf."
175990102,Thanks erti
175990103,Just enjoy it! You have some things to look forward to so that might contribute to it.
175990104,"Hello _NAME_, Thanks for the advice. I do have a uninvolved friend. And your correct, it does help to vent to him. -_NAME_"
175990105,i gotta take my meds.. the alternative isnt pretty. psychosis isnt fun! it can def take humility to keep taking them though. for sure
175990106,"Both my mom and sister are spontaneous as hell. They'll talk, then get distracted and then immediately go back to what they were saying - Or even worse, something else! Lol.. Yet I think that's why I like phenibut because it allows me to be like that. I've taken it every day for a year but it's starting to lose it's effect and more makes me feel drained - Like I'm not supposed to be so social - My brain is like ""What are you doing? This isn't you!"" and my brain is starting to reject the drug."
175990107,I wouldn’t do anything it would hurt my family too much. My dog wouldn’t understand either. I just feel guilt about things and don’t deserve to eat
175990108,I don’t think I’m sick. Not really but it’s been labelled on me and people are conspiring to lock me up and steal my thoughts. They’re talking behind my back and watching me. I have so many thoughts. I’m trying to protect myself. But people are going to use my thoughts against me. I can’t tell anyone I know because they’ll use them against me and lock me up. Label me crazy. The doctor is in on it. I like him but I don’t trust him. This medication is just to block my thoughts. So like I just can’t trust anyone.
175990109,"Honestly, I have a deep seated mistrust against medication and classification. My go-to argument against classification is that psychopaths have a statistically significantly higher suicide rate than the general population and that makes at best marginal sense if any at all considering their core classification criteria involve shallow affect and such. About medication, I think we know so little about the brain that it seems scary to meddle with it. I've had this general opinion and then I read ""Cracked - Why psychiatry is doing more harm than good"", which bolstered my opinion. On the other hand, if the panic attacks come back, I'm probably up for anything (and then, I agree, I need a diagnosis)."
175990110,"No, don't get a dog. It will need a lot from you and be added pressure right now. Maybe a cat, but you still have to feed it and keep it's litter box clean. A cat will not use a dirty litter box and find somewhere else to relieve itself."
175990111,A musician couple has come. I gave one my dads guitar and it was amazing. They're playing outside now and everyone's drinking. I put a benzo under my tongue cuz it makes me anxious and I'm tapering phenibut. I'm just exhausted. I'm still annoyed by my mom - I have to talk to her about things but she's ignoring me and I'm afraid that she will die suddenly.
175990112,I'm not sure if that is psychosis or not either. Maybe an effect of medication? Might be worth talking to your pdoc about it.
175990113,"Very good. Hard to wake up but took stim.. coffee, nicotine.. Feelz focused and awake.. Nice dreams about travelling to some islands... I'll be skiing this afternoon.. Might read in the car on the way up.. I'm starting to lose my mind a little - but stabilized on meds.. Will come home and find conspiracy news on banned platforms, chat, research crypto, pharmacology.. I try wastingasparagus.. i try"
175990114,"Thanks, Breaking Dawn, That's really helpful!"
175990115,I cancelled my appt .
175990116,"I posted this on the depression forum, and want to share here, hoping it will help calm members. here is a copy of the post it did yesterday I hope it helps These two links were helpful to me in understanding how people react, and not to get caught up in a reaction. I suggest reading them if you are able. https://psychcentral.com/blog/how-the-stoics-can-keep-us-calm-during-the-coronavirus-outbreak/ This is a Podcast by a Psychiatrist https://psychcentral.com/blog/podcast-managing-coronavirus-outbreak-anxiety/ The current news is anxiety producing, only because it has not happened before in our life time. remember to do your breathing exercises. Having panic attacks are not going to you or anyone. This is something you can't control 100%, but there are things you can do to keep your self healthy as with any other flu. The stopping of sports for the remainder of season, and closures of colleges and universities are preventive measures. The schools have put classes online and kept dorms open for stude
nts who can not go home at this time. Yes, an NBA player has tested positive for virus, and in a press conference acted immature to say the least. This is does not represent how 99% of people react, with no concern of others. I strongly remind everyone, washing hands often, mindfully not touching your face, any symptoms of cold starting call your doc or go to ER or quick med. Peace _PERSON_"
175990117,"What I've learned up to this point: anxiety is relentless unless you deal with it, distraction sometimes works, I tend to underestimate my symptoms, and confusion is not a good state for me to be in."
175990118,The Vyvanse seems to help me a lot with tiredness (I have the worlds most severe tiredness. I'm like a sloth without it). I hope you feel more awake soon. Maybe you're just exhausted from working and the news etc....
175990119,I just turned off automatic billing on my okc dating account. I'm giving up for now. Maybe some day in the future. Now I'm going to focus again on my books. It's not like I can feel lonely anyway given my anhedonia. I should get a cat. That I miss.
175990120,Sorry bluebird.....
175990121,I’ve also gotten motivation and momentum from Eating Tortilla Chips with Extra Spicy Salsa. It works
175990122,Nope......
175990123,"I'd like a diet coke with my doughnuts, please."
175990124,"My Xbox should be delivered this week. So I'm excited about that. Nothing really going on, just sleeping a lot. It's rainy and cold today so I'm staying under the blankets. I have an appointment with my therapist Wednesday then one with my psychiatrist Thursday."
175990125,"Hey everyone! I apologize for not being on here too much lately. I have been quite busy as of late. Since getting out of hospital I've been back to band, which is helping my mood greatly. Gonna continue vocal coaching soon with a couple of our members. Then starting up piano at some point. Next week I will be doing some stuff with rapping, not quite sure what cause the band leader said its easier to show me than to explain in words. He said reference some of my lyrical writing or write some, so I will do that before next week. When I came back to band on Monday, I got greeted with a ton of hugs. Like, some of them were a bit emotional...I think they knew the severity of my condition during those 3 weeks. But, I know logically I mean a lot to people, but sometimes emotionally I easily forget I am valued. So it kind of surprised me in that sense. I am in a new relationship with someone I've been friends with for a couple years. We are planning on starting up a band with her and her partner. Also she 
has a lot of handy skills and equipment, while I know stuff about acoustics and audio. We plan on starting to design audio equipment to sell. It's pretty exciting. My wife is excited too for me, and we discussed possibilities of moving to the city she lives in in the past cause its got more opportunities for my wife as well in her career. We'll see what happens in the next 12-18 months. So all in all, it's been a good weekend and week since being discharged from the hospital on Friday."
175990126,Lemon pound cake and decaf coffee
175990127,Thanks for the condolences everyone
175990128,"my memory is crap, short term is unavailable most of the time."
175990129,"Does anyone have what I can only consider thought insertion, thought blocking, and thought withdrawal without the paranoia? Like another stream of internal thought that interrupts you and you talk back to. Or brief (1 min) spells of a catatonia like presentation. Sometimes i get a little paranoid but never enough to think aliens are the culprit. Or is it just me I talked to my psych multiple times about this and even had an EEG that came back normal. Psych wont let on to what she thinks - frustrating."
175990130,2 slices of tomato pie
175990131,Tomato soup and applesauce
175990132,"I'm here. Just took a walk, it's hot out. I can't wait till fall and winter. Going grocery shopping tomorrow to get a few things I need."
175990133,"Breakfast was a pancake, sausage, a muffin, banana, watermelon, and orange juice. Now I'm drinking coffee"
175990134,http://https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRU75D4Dv2Y
175990135,Oatmeal with a banana
175990136,Neither of my parents wears their ring...they’ve been married for almost fifty years...it’s only as important as you make it.
175990137,"I never thought about any of this. When I know im not going to fall asleep right away, I turn on a movie that is conversational, no action, and turn the screen's brightness next to zero, and the volume set really low and lay on my side and just zone out. It has to be a movie I've seen a million times though. I really didn't know that so many of us with sz or sza have sleeping issues. That was a revelations for me. I think I was sleeping okay when I was on lamictal but that med is torture because it makes me feel like I always have to pee, and I actually do have to. I can't do that med. I have my doubts with Trileptal because it seems like its effectiveness is linked to our weight. And a pretty solid guy so the dose I actually need is about the maximum I can get, but then CNS responds to the high dosage. My pdoc recommended Depakote but f that. That med has so many side effects, the side effects were like two pages. f that. Ill see what I can do to get blue light working on my laptop."
175990138,Had one of those new _PERSON_’s fish sandwiches and curly fries....it was good....
175990139,Maybe shopping makes people feel better...
175990140,"This is the first time in a long time where I laid in bed the whole time and didnt sleep. Sometimes I goto sleep, sometimes I just get up, but I've been in bed all night. My thoughts going and going. I came up with some pretty clever ideas that I've pretty much lost now. I hope I dont have vaping illness. I'm starting to get anxiety."
175990141,"For people who are financially well-off, personal finances and career progress are the top two drivers of negative stress. The other top drivers of stress are personal health, the health of family and friends and the strength of family relationships. While those with money may be embarrassed to admit to high levels of stress, and many people would begrudge them feeling stress at all as their financial lives are more secure, all people face stressors and often find themselves challenged when they try to deal with negative stress. This group of individuals may be very familiar with positive stress, as few get to the point of financial security without working very hard toward some level of success. But translating the skills they use to deal with positive stress onto coping with negative stress can be difficult. The interesting thing is that one’s level of stress can greatly impact their feelings of security. Among those with low levels of stress, 77% said they feel financially secure. Of people wi
th high levels of stress, but similar financial circumstances to those with low levels of stress, only 39% feel financially secure. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/09/what-stresses-people-with-money/?fbclid=IwAR1wu6ZYe02yd6PcmdUojK71Snf7u8jsGhBTJ7pqMw9wOy6QSFFfEObeMsQ"
175990142,"Okay, you chose the wrong way, but the intention to cheer your wife up was nice."
175990143,Ok that’s great news.
175990144,"Watching Youtube vids, about to watch some stuff on Netflix"
175990145,I think I got like 32 or 34 it was higher than average so I’m definitely not autistic....but it doesn’t sound like you are either....
175990146,"Happy birthday, _PERSON_!!!"
175990147,"""Switched on to reality"" doesn't ring true for me, more like ""Aware there is a reality and apathetic"". however, i've realized there are some things i believe. there are just so mundane it was hard to realize. when i was a teenager i did sometimes find these type of things difficult. everyone wanted to have and discuss opinions . of which i had very little. now i realize that's more about common interests, not a belief system. a lot of things that people find terribly interesting i have no interest at all in. for instance, religion, politics, love, and etc."
175990148,You seemed to have done your homework. I hope it works for you. Net says GI doctor is a gastroenterologist who works with stomach problems. I hope it keeps working. Let us now how this is going.
175990149,"Sorry you’ve got so much going on, it doesn’t seem this holiday season is being particularly kind to any of us......"
175990150,Yea I like it a lot
175990151,"Are you on Humira or another biologic by any chance? This same thing happened to me in February. It started shortly after increasing my Humira dosage (the normal dosage was not helping me at all and my doctor and I decided to try doubling the dose even though my blood levels of the drug were normal...big mistake). It was horrible but I stopped the Humira and about a week and a half later, my constant dizziness and feeling like I was about to pass put went away. My GI didnt want to blame the Humira but I am sure that's what it was. Don't let them tell you it's all in your head. Mine was like yours in that I would feel normal for the first 20 or 30 minutes after waking up, sometimes even for an hour."
175990152,"Well, my message was in my last post, this father in law took advantage of you two, and this pregnant girlfriend of my son took advantage of me, in both cases, they got into our houses and we didn't want them there. If the father in law made so much money, why couldn't he stay in his own house when his wife died, which he owned because he was so rich? Because, your wife wanted him in the house? Right? Did it ever occur to anyone to say, no, stay in your own house? Did it every occur to me to say to my son's pregnant girlfriend, ""No, you can't stay here, go back to your own house or I'm calling the police""? No, why? Because I was negative when it came to solving problems."
175990153,"My sister is going to bring me bubble tea. I can’t wait, I’ve always wanted to try that. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175990154,Seafret - Explosion Good song too. Really good song.
175990155,I keep buying subscriptions to apps. Apps I want/need. But oh well.
175990156,Yes I did. I still need to take the fish oil though
175990157,I have an appointment with a new psychiatrist tomorrow. I am extremely nervous. My regular doctor has been handling my medication until now. I am nervous about switching medications or adding another med. Has anyone successfully switched from lexapro to another med? Or switched from any med to another successfully?
175990158,"Cool I'm always looking for new stuff to try, that sounds good, just looked it up. Hope you can find it"
175990159,I am just listening to The Replacements on high volume. That's what kind of night it is for me.
175990160,I don't feel good mentally
175990161,"Couple more to go. But okay so far. That Medisafe is good, but I keep forgetting and turning my phone off."
175990162,"Oh, I see. Wishing you good luck and that they can help you."
175990163,Sparkling grape juice!
175990164,"Hugs child of chaos....thats quite a lot...glad you’re still with us and hoping your mind improves over time. Do they have any cognitive therapy for you, like by a PsyD? Also I recommend fish oil for cognitive issues, or algae omega if you’re veg...."
175990165,I wish I could just eat my feelings and feel better. But nooo my default when I’m down is to starve myself. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990166,I can't eat spicy foods either. They give me the runs.
175990167,Having a really good day
175990168,I’m doing stretching exercises everyday and walking a lot again so I can slowly get back into better shape.
174388668,Probably good for me to stay away from it then...especially since ive been kinda symptomatic lately. Although I've been too scared to talk about it here
175990169,"Yes, it’s terrible when all the anxiety goes up.. I have it constantly... tho I do every calming, relaxing, breathing, meditating practice there is, when it feels like almost a panicked attack, there is really nothing else than lorazepam! And thanks the lord for that! I know... we are not supposed to take it all the time for a long period of time.. but this here right now warrants the use of it. In 3 months from now we will be all in a better place! So yes, meditate, do the thing w the 5 senses..... just did it on my walk, 1 thing you can see, one you can feel, one you can smell, touch, taste.. you get the idea. Point them out, describe them in length......It distracts your brain. Also, I just read shaking, when it’s really bad, jump in place and shake your arms, legs head... like a crazy wild dance. I did that too. (Not on my walks, my neighbors would think I’m a bit Kookoo :) It helps. And then I take the lorazepam ....... bc sometimes it simply isn’t enough. And that is ok. These are try
ing times and we can go a little extra to be ok ???? hope this helps."
175990170,"I just finished season 1 of ""The Sinner"". It was OK. I wasn't sure if I was going to finish it because it got a little slow and seemed to go in circles for a while but the payoff was worth it. I hate investing time in a movie or TV show only to realize it sucks and I no longer care. ""Mindhunter""is supposed to be good, but I watched just the teaser of the first episode and was a little annoyed by it. Not a good sign. But I will give it another chance tonight."
175990171,"Yeah it's pretty cool! I think about, when people are talking, they're imagining things to look at or else they wouldn't be able to talk or tell a story.. But idk.."
175990172,"Yes bumble is pretty good. Plus bumble is not just dating. You can switch to making friends only in it. And also business relationships. All three I believe are separated in the app, you just have to activate one or the other at a time."
175990173,Slumber has a great idea
175990174,"Yeah, lately Ive been playing a lot of animal crossing on my 3DS. Just getting hyped for New Horizons in march. I'm hoping to get Pokémon Sword though for Christmas"
175990175,"I forgot what I wanted to say. They skip my coffee here a lot. Hoping tomorrow we can vape again. I hope my new juices are coming soon, and all my new tanks and gear."
175990176,Had dinner with my friend at a community meal
175990177,I’ve been slacking so much with cleaning lately. Really need to work on that
174388671,"Yes, lack of insight sucks. So do the negative symptoms or MDD which I also was diagnosed with. I hate being lost inside myself. A relative was very po'_NAME_ at me because I hadn't called my mom in weeks. I don't even understand why. I just know I didn't want to and I don't know why. Maybe trying to withdraw from reality. Sorry to hear you haven't been going out except to see the pdoc. I get that way too, but now I'm in a nursing home and can't really get much time alone. I mean I do, but there are always people around. I wish I could go home. I hope your symptoms will ease up and give you a break."
175990178,Big lots has cute stuff thats where I got my couch
175990179,Had an _PERSON_’s _NAME_ with curly fries and coke....it was a huge lunch.....
175990180,There’s a really cute mmorpg on switch for 75 cents bb
175990181,_NAME_ almost fainted in the store. It's too hot for him. Its 95 here. Heat index says it feels like 110.
175990182,"Today at the farm went well for me. I harvested _NAME_ tomatoes, then cleaned lettuce, and then did seeding. And the weather around here was good for farming on this Friday. It wasn't too hot."
175990183,Ughh I want to make chocolate chip blondies so badly. But I'm trying to go without sweets for 30 days. Today is only day 2
175990184,"This was my sleep last night Attached Images F29EE733-FAFC-468C-AF60-B7E7E58CB06D.jpg (88.2 KB, 8 views)"
175990185,Hope you have a nice time _AT_MENTION_
175990186,I dont drink that much anymore. Idk why. _PERSON_ brought home beer and I had 1. When I have liquor I just have a shot or 2 every few days.
175990187,very nice =D I like them!
175990188,Tmi...going to have to shave my legs twice...it’s been far far too long with the quarantine.
175990189,"So just when my mom is finally in remission, now she’s got a weak heart I’m not sure exactly what that means or what she can do about it....they’re going to run more tests next month I guess but it’s pretty scary to me...."
175990190,Rag n Bone man - Skin YouTube
175990191,"Hey. I had said I will not post here anymore. But I have so many friends here. I will probably not post as often. But I will share things as a whole from time to time. I went to the doctor yesterday. Urgent care. I've been having bad lower back problems since I started working 4 or 5 weeks ago. They did an xray and said my last two lower spinal disks were very thinned out. The doctor concluded it's probably because of my weight and that I need to lose weight. Ever since I gained weight the first time I've developed problems. Nothing really major. But like knee joint pain, this current problem, and exhaustion easily from being overweight. So this is really a wake up call. When I stopped my meds back in my early twenties, i lost 80 pounds and got back down to 105 with virtually no diet change and no exercising. But then of course I got really really sick mentally. Anyway, work is good. I began my certification already. It's taking place in parts. So it's not every week. I have the in-person part the 
week after next. No traveling, unfortunately. But I'm sure I dont need that in my life right now. Itd be hard for me to do by myself. I have a few things on my mind. One is I'm thinking about taking up instacart again on the weekends. Just to maximize my savings for my next apartment. To move in, I need first months rent, plus an extra 250 cuz of fiances bad credit. Plus money to transfer my electricity and internet. Of course fiance is chipping in. I just dont want to over extend myself. But I find myself bored on the weekends. Also, they have a tedx event soon at the end of this month, at a 4 year college down the street. And I also thought about school again, but I need more thought for that. Also, I wanna goto _PERSON_ All in all, everything is going very well. And I'm very happy. And my relationship is doing great! Thanks, guys!"
175990192,I'm bored but I honestly dont want to do anything.
175990193,The Eating Disorder Sourcebook by _NAME_
175990194,I get twitching and body spasms. Some medications cause twitching. I take _PERSON_ and it makes my body twitch before I go to sleep. Kinda annoying when trying to get to sleep. You can check out side effects of your medications on the internet. Then there are other times when I get spasms in my neck or have the inability to step my neck from moving to side to side. They can get started from a thought or not feeling safe. My body disconnects from emotions and go into diverting it to movement. Next time you see the professional who treats you ask them what they think is happening.
174388689,"I am hearing voice now and am occasionally delusional. I am taking my medication and still working. I am doing ok. Yes, I am a bit insane now but am functional. I am surviving. I hope y'all do the same! Please take care and Happy Holidays!"
175990195,2nd day of taking 1000mg NAC pills - Not taking it anymore cuz my heart was beating a little bit faster. Other than that I feel pretty content.. Ready for what ever life throws at me.. Almost!! I'm gonna tend to my spiritual mind as well tonight..
175990196,_PERSON_ – our new smart prison & how you own the keys to escape it - YouTube Merry Xmas folks
175990197,My mom is practically trying to get me to move back in with her.
175990198,Fulfilled my once per week contract tonight. Glad its done.
175990199,Looking forward to seeing my pdoc next week. I’ve been stable for about 3 months straight now and feel proud
175990200,I'm sorry about your cat DT
175990201,"cloud edits could be a likely cause of gang stalking sz or any channeling conflict. the contrasted pride paradoxing access point edits, both internally and externally, could often cause messy peripheral sz interpretations of edits. it could help to mind the gap between collective cloud and channel identity when the edits appear contoured. i try and focus on the cloud and the cloud edits more than the channel id's. the buck passing pulse tries to get channels to blur the gap and point the finger. it tries to play one extreme of the speculative, subjective subscription depth off against the other to try and pass the buck. i see cloud _USER_ID_ depth as an easier agenda for sz load bearing. the collective cloud effectively pays all stock and gives all art flow so it could have more expected goals for appropriate tariff resonance to help redeem any channeling reactions."
175990202,"I'm glad you have a safety plan Sorry Christmas is going a little differently than you planned, I hope it's not too stressful though"
175990203,I'm taking a break from _PERSON_. That one mission (expansion) from Oblivion forced me to play hours on end to move on from it. I had to stop everything to finish it or else not be able to make progress on the main mission. I dis start the arcaneum in the magic guild though.
175990204,"I'm worried about my Dad going on the trip for four days. Both of my parents were supposed to go but my Mom is sick with a sore throat and didn't feel up to going. I get worried something bad is going to happen to him like car trouble, car accident, have to go to the hospital, dying etc. It's part of the GAD I think. It's about a seven hour drive from where we live. So I won't hear from him until maybe 3 o'clock that he got there okay."
175990205,For MDD?
175990206,"Hi Lab, thanks. Yes, my ob/gyn won't check my hormone levels. They said hormones fluctuate too much, I'm still menstruating, and it wouldn't tell them much anyway. I was offered the options of bc pills, IUD, or hysterectomy to see if that helped. I did go back on bc pills for a bit to see if it helped but it didn't.... I started taking birth control when I was 15 yrs old and aside from a break during and right after my 2 pregnancies, took it until I was 36. It may just be a coincidence but all of my severe anxiety and odd physical symptoms actually began within a month of permanently stopping the pill."
175990207,If reincarnation is real I wish I’d born again as a male.
175990208,"Lol, this isn’t the bipolar board. Ugh. Brain fog."
175990209,Yes I’m pretty sure you have to have a referral to see the cardiologist around me. It would’ve definitely been the first place I went to but unfortunately you have to go through a doctor first and they all say my heart is fine. I guess my anxiety is always second guessing them though.
175990210,This topic was automatically closed 7 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.
175990211,They still haven't made my retina appointment yet and I have blind patches. Worse blind patches. I'm wondering if I should just make an appointment for myself and my friend could take me there. And my back still hurts like hell. I have cramps in my lower back and I'm afraid it might be kidney disease.
175990212,"Huh my psychologist's office says they do ASD and intelligence testing so I'll for sure ask when I have my next appointment! I mean it seems more geared towards children, but I'll ask anyway."
175990213,"Hello _USER_ID_, I had anxiety and panic disorder from my teenage years until my early twenties. With periods of mild depression. I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 in my mid-30s. After having a crying spell with anxiety like symptoms. So for me it was anxiety first with some depression then bipolar. Now I'm considered bipolar 2 with generalized anxiety. Two different conditions but I've read that they often coexist with each other. Hope this is helpful hang in there. God bless."
175990214,I didn't sleep a wink all night. I napped for a couple of hours after breakfast though.
175990215,"Update 3rd June 2019: My wife called me at night yesterday...went to pick her up at some 1-star hotel...went for dinner...she ate about half and then said no appetite...then we went back to rest... Tried to coax and convince her that she needed to get back her meds left at the previous apartment she rented...there were 2 weeks left but she decided not to stay and moved to the 1-star hotel... This morning when I woke up, she was gone again...thought I wouldn't see her for another 2 weeks...called her at 2pm...asked whether I could go with her to take the meds...surprise surprise...she was ok with it...so went with her to take...then went back home... In the afternoon, she hugged me very tightly and kissed me...said she loved me...then started crying...asked me to listen to 'Goodbye Girl' by _NAME_ and Bread...and _NAME_ 'Nothing's gonna change my love for you'...it's like she was trying to tell me something but didn't know how...I teared a little upon hearing them...then she asked me sing the songs 
out for her...and I did too. At dinner, she asked me how we met and what we did when we went dating before marriage...? Pseudo-amnesia or something?? Her laughing and strange twitching also attracted looks from the waitresses and other customers...but I didn't care...my focus was on her... At night at home, I personally supervised her consumption of the meds...2 tablets of Valproate + 1 tablet of Risperidone... The whole day, she has had weird twitching all over...fingers, hands, body will twitch and sometimes contort.. Then in bed, her teeth will start to chatter...and she will spit at all 4 corners of the bed...and she keeps staring into blank space... Then, she will go into a laughing or giggling fit for like...an hour or so....then after that, starts crying very sorrowfully... I do hope the medicine's effectiveness will kick in after a week or two... Praying to God that she doesn't leave again in the morning WITH the meds... She just fell asleep...didn't sleep much the previous night also. This is not lik
e writing an English Essay or repairing a light bulb...stuff which I can do...there's no manual for what I'm going through...guess I'm learning a little every day... Oh God, please help her...please humble me and teach me what to do and what to say... : _ / Post Edited (_PERSON_) : 6/3/2019 9:40:03 AM (GMT-6) 1 2"
175990216,Do you think your depression was triggered by your mother's death and have you done any grief work?
175990217,Desoxyn directed me here. But i don't know what to say. Tomorrow best buy is bringing our new oven and i have to deal with them. I don't do well with ppl. so i am bordering on paranoia. thanks tams
175990218,So grateful for your courage.
175990219,I added you
175990220,Iced tea....
175990221,It’s early morning and it’s raining. So beautiful
175990222,"Thanks It's my own fault anyway, the years of bulimia really wrecked my teeth"
175990223,"Morning. I’ve been sleeping early lately, around 6pm then waking up around 3 am. I like this schedule so much better than waking up all night. I made breakfast, toast with sunny side egg then ate a tomato and drink some green tea. It’s 4 am now, I’m going to paint until 6 then do the house chores. I turned on my aromatherapy, what a relaxing morning. I’m so happy. My painting session set up"
175990224,"So I just woke up when the voices started attacking me with that all I get is money. This all happened while I was watching Hot Bench, a show where the court decides what money does the people get. The problem is that I don't know all of this about court and especially with the voices. If it where up to me I would have waited for the voices and the court to take me up on that."
175990225,On FB your piercing looks great!
175990226,I took my prescribed but no supplements as yet.
175990227,"Yes, I got a shower this morning and washed my hair."
175990228,Not looking forward to work tomorrow. So much to do. Complicated stuff. I have to focus on it. Looking forward to talking to my doctor. Maybe I can convince him to do something I can’t keep like this. I need a refill for Abilify for whatever higher dose we’re doing. I should try to sleep now.
175990229,I think you're really smart
175990230,_NAME_’s _PERSON_!
175990231,"I'm honestly at about a 6-7 these days. Meds, I feel, have destroyed some element of myself that doesn't get out when I'm taking them. I am working on reducing them with my doctor. It is not easy to do. Like, for years, I never even picked up the guitar seriously. I don't know, I think that I felt tons of apathy in the past. I'd rather feel my feelings. I would not like to become psychotic, obviously. So, this is how I am feeling right now about meds."
175990232,Morning I took a shower and took my meds Setup my site And got a message on insta to be featured on a health insta!
175990233,Are you vegetarian or just exploring. I really like _NAME_ books.....
175990234,"Yes, I can do that. I think _PERSON_ just having some trouble figuring out the deeper issues. I will write more later tonight!"
175990235,"Breakfast was oatmeal w/ a banana, lunch was a turkey and havarti sandwich and reeses cups"
175990236,"Another week and it is very exhausting, I feel like crying but I can’t. I have a drs appointment this Friday for my blood work and I will tell her even with my med anxiety is here every day. It seems like thoughts keeps coming at me and I get stuck by thinking over and over. This morning I thought about what if I never get better? What if I get sick and lose my daughter? What if it’s not anxiety but something worse? What if I’m crazy or going insane? I go back to my times when none of this was present. Just three months ago I was ok I was doing great and then anxiety full blast with panic attacks, started taking my med from las time and yes panic attacks went away and was able to sleep but intrusive thoughts and the fear of everything is here now...every day...I mean it calms at times but then I stay by myself and it starts all over again"
175990237,Maybe go out with friends once every other week just to get some down time. It will refresh your mind and help you deal better with the stress. I am a wife and deal with depression and health issues. My hubby is always energetic and normally upbeat but can get down. I encourage him to do other things with family or friends that helps him deal better. It helps him be more compassionate with me. Vice versus. Prayers for you.
175990238,It took me a year to get myself to go to the dentist again due to anxiety and I finally did it!
175990239,Side hurts again
175990240,hi juli..don`t feel guilty that you can`t handle things without meds..there are alot of us like that..mental illness is no less important then any other illness although we are not treated that way by drs ...i was seeing a psychiatrist and they know about it but our small town has no psychiatrist anymore and went to PA`s with psychiatric training which was ok but now last time i went for my visit i was told i am not mentally ill enough to keep going there...so my family dr has to do my meds if she will??? this covid is so scarey..i think alot of peoples anxiety is through the roof...
175990241,Could not sleep anymore. Scared for the president. He is older and over weight. So scared about this virus. Hugs to everyone.
175990242,Yes that too!
175990243,"Hi Everyone, I wanted to reach out and see if any of you have dealt with witnessing a gruesome injury to a loved one and if so, how you coped? My mom fell down some stairs yesterday and fractured her ankle so bad it was an open fracture. I saw the whole thing and aftermath and I can't get it out of my head. Surgery went well today and I believe she will be fine after a LONG recovery road. I'm just bummed out for her. I'm anxious, I can't sleep well so far because every time I close my eyes, I see the vivid image of her. I'm hyper sensitive about my left ankle now too. Any thoughts or experience would be greatly appreciated. Thanks"
175990244,Hi I used to take Clomipramine years ago but did not take it for long and can't remember why I stopped taking it?? My pdoc is actually thinking of putting me back on it and change me from the Prozac I'm currently taking as he says it works better for OCD. I hope it works well for you and would be interested to hear how you get on. _PERSON_
175990245,If it sold otc you can diagnose yourself...lol....I have a headache can you get me an aspirin....dear did an actual doctor tell you that you had a headache?
175990246,Thank you. And it’s not bad right now. Not yet anyway.
175990247,Good luck _AT_MENTION_ psychotic I hope you do well and enjoy the class(es)!
175990248,"Today’s an Animal Crossing day for me. That’s what I’m playing. Just working on paying off my 2nd house in-game. I need to get back up to date with the gaming world. I haven’t been watching my favorite gamers on YouTube lately, will do that tonight."
175990249,"Good morning. Anxiety is good today so far. My grandma has to leave for a few hours for a work thing so im gonna be home all alone, not looking forward to that."
175990250,"I think I caught a flu since I got the flu shot. I feel really crappy mentally and physically. I have a very restless feeling both ways. I don't know if I can sleep again. It was fine on Tuesday after I was up all night, I didn't even want a nap because of the restlessness. It's a similar night. My chart has some really screwy crappy stuff happening in it now. Long-term stuff. I want to touch my friend. We haven't visited since late January. Really need some hugs etc. The November schedule lists visitors one on one and outside. I don't know what one on one is. The outdoor visits say you can't sit close enough to touch, and bunches of things like that."
175990251,Yeah hahaha that’s why I thought I would specify. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990252,_NAME_ running around the house like a maniac
175990253,Are you applying to retail jobs? If I recall you got a bite from Best Buy and didn’t interview for some reason. Retail jobs hire fast at entry level. If you’re not applying to entry level....there is your problem.
175990254,Thank you!
175990255,Hey guys. Happy Saturday Spent the morning with gram and my niece. Went to breakfast and the farmers market. Got some more soap...I have a problem lol. Hit the butcher shop for for tomorrow. Now I’m laying down. My daughter wants to do something but idk what to do. I’m pretty broke so shoppings out. Maybe the little zoo...they did just get a new red panda!!! I really just want to sleep. I have been so tired lately. I’ll be interested to see my bloodwork in a few weeks.
175990256,"the sun is rising here now, it's light out"
174388776,"I agree with SP, give the meds a long time before giving up on them. I was given abilify and it took 3 months to kick in. After a bunch of med changes I'm on risperdal but I probably need an increase now."
175990257,"_PERSON_, going on vacation to Cancun is a big accomplishment, especially since you have anxieties about it. Not everyone can do that."
175990258,The panic attacks never end!!! I am panic attacks now! I will identify with panic... no.. dont do that... it ok.. it ok..
174388784,"Sharing a cobbler thing later today, but look at the size of tthis casaba!! That is a dinner plate. Attached Images 20200705_080619_HDR.jpg (160.5 KB, 5 views)"
175990259,I use positive guided mindfulness meditation right before sleep
175990260,"It sounds like you have a lot of insight as to what is going on in your mind. Which is more than a lot of people can say. So you are half way there. Now if you could find a good counselor/therapist to talk about where all this anger is coming from and how to manage it, you will be able to handle relationships without the sabotage. And that is all something you have to do for yourself, another person can't give you the security and confidence that you need. Realize your own self worth. It's there, you just need to find it."
175990261,"Very interesting, thank you for the responses. * The complex different inner dialogues vaguely remind me of inner parts and internal family systems work. I need to look back into that for myself. * Interesting to connect it to language, as was brought up with two languages and up until I lost the one from over 10 years of not using it, I could 'think' in both languages even though english was my go-to. I'd forgotten all about that! ^ And if I was in a place where I had to alternate a lot, I'd sometimes accidentally speak the wrong language at first without realizing. I went to an english speaking 12 step meeting in a non-english speaking country. When I got there someone asked, ""Do you realize this is an english speaking meeting?"" I answered, ""yes"" still in the wrong language before I realized I wasn't speaking english. I had jet lag though, so I was even less bright than I normally am. * I've also heard some people 'think' primarily in pictures/images. That would be amazing"
175990262,Sorry you're not feeling well Have you watched anything good/interesting lately?
175990263,What’s so bad about being on APs if they help keep you stable?
175990264,"A few years ago I wanted to move and change careers....people said I couldn’t do both at once...once my brain healed I had both within a matter of months....I knew what I had to do, I just didn’t know how to get there because of the adhd and memory issues. Don’t let anyone tell you you can’t do it"
175990265,"If exercise does not help, the fact that you tried it will facilitate the likely script ing of an AD. I know many don't believe in them, but for me, it really helped."
175990266,Sorry slumber kitty Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990267,"Well, you have the first tool already .... asking for support. This is a nice place to connect with like minded folks. I’ve learned a few “tricks” that help me when I’m in it already. Believe it or not, stopping whatever you are doing and walk backwards ( carefully of course) for a few minutes. It stops the mind from taking off any more than it has. And forces the mind to “pay attention” in a very different way. Once I feel myself shifting back or getting more grounded I focus on my breath. Great meditations ( free) on you tube, my preference is O&O Academy meditations. They Calm me. Another wonderful tool is the _NAME_ work at the work.com. It helps unpack the stories I’m obsessing over and suffering with, getting to the truth helps dissolve it or at the very least gives me some perspective. As far as your family.... truth telling, “I’m feeling uncomfortable to share this new thing I’m learning about myself, not even sure how. Yet I’d like you to know, it feels important to m
e. “ Or even ask from. Curious place. “I’ve been having some symptoms of anxiety and owonwondwondering if you or other family wondering if you or anyone else I. The family has suffered from this and what you’ve done for support” I’m mostly so impressed that you want something different for yourself, enough to ask for help. I sure wish my daughter (33 yrs old) would want her anxiety to change. She’s lived with it for so long and keeps doing behaviors that don’t support change. She’s pretty miserable. Again thank you for your courage. It’s not easy being on the planet these days for sure. Peace to you??"
175990268,That’s what I been telling her!!!
175990269,"Happy anniversary _NAME_. _AT_MENTION_. I'm quite similar but I find people to be a bit threatened by me in real life, without me even realising that I'm threatening. I think I'm a bit rough to be honest compared to people who I know. When I come here I feel like I'm the same but I find that people take me how I intend to be taken. If that makes any sense at all."
175990270,Reign really into it. When calls the Heart. Parenthood. My 3 favorites.
175990271,"Yes but I don’t need it. I need to get back to eating healthier. Not particularly salads or anything. Just, like rice, or stuff like that. More veggies. We have a lot of steamed veggies and rice. That’s what I need to make. I’m a dinner person. Some people like breakfast. I could eat steak or whatever for breakfast. I need to eat less too."
175990272,Chocolate
174388816,"I have an unfortunate ability, to the point of people who are aware of it calling it a superpower, to argue in an extremely convincing and persuasive manner as I am ruthlessly logical and analytical to a damn fault ... and as a result I have convinced an alarming amount of people that my psychoses are 100% true ... including two therapists and one psychiatrist, and yes they all damn well knew I have schizophrenia. Of course they did, they were supposed to be treating me for it, this is what I am talking about when I go on my rants about utter incompetence from these so-called ""professionals"". I have the records from all three of those individuals that shows it in writing that they 100% believed that my psychoses, particularly my delusions, were 100% factual and based in ""consensus reality"" and instead wrote off what was actually going on in my life as what was somehow ""psychosis"" when I can also prove that my life circumstances at the time were indeed my life circumstances (I keep extensive r
ecords of my life for a reason, I am used to having to prove that things actually did occur as a diagnosis of schizophrenia means I have zero credibility without being able to show quite a significant amount of evidence). I was stunned many years later when I was going through my records because I, as per usual, had no idea that I was psychotic in the first place during those time periods and it took me several years to realize that those psychoses were, in fact, psychoses ... Edited to add: People that were/are close to me and you know, not those three insufferably sanctimonious supercilious ""professionals"" damn well knew I was psychotic, in case anyone is wondering. It was blatant to people who knew me extremely well, but this is what my schizophrenia does ... people who are not wise to its utter evil and/or have egos that are too invested in never accepting the possibility that they are most definitely human and are thus fallible will learn that lesson the hard way if they are around me and my schizophre
nia for too long."
175990273,"Hello _NAME_, Physical pain is most certainly NOT the ONLY release or outlet. It just isn't. You might find this approach to be some kind of equalizing counter-action to your more depressing thoughts and anxieties, but it is a self-deception and not healthy nor about to improve your overall depression. If anything, if you don't figure out better ways to cope, it will make things worse. Physical pain can become addictive and give one the illusion easing what ails the mind. You are far more valuable to yourself than being your own worst enemy, so cut the crap! You have it in you to do things differently, to steer clear of physical pain, to give yourself the love you deserve from yourself. Don't fool yourself with absolutes in thinking there is only one way to feel this or that, that's just being lazy. If you want the help, you have to start by demanding it off yourself. You owe it to yourself to fight your depression with a dynamic and inventive strategy. Pain is lame. Trust me, I live with it, not b
y choice. You can do better and you will, but you have to commit to yourself with kindness. It's not easy. You will still have pain, but the more you carry on with the courage to love yourself. the easier it eventually will become. There are no quick fixes. It requires real work. You might fail or slide back into bad habits the deceive your better judgment, but you pull yourself up and start again. You gotta own it, and face it fearlessly. Failure is a key component to success so you keep working at what helps a little here and a little there. Throw the whole kitchen sink at it every day, but pain will never truly ease pain. Not truly. That's why you're reaching out. That's the proof. The mission is not eradication. That's a fool's errand. The mission is to build your coping skills and survive with it. You can and you will. Reaching out here on Inspire should show you already that it actually does come naturally to you. You are already innovating so carry on and don't look back! ~ cres"
175990274,I'm literally ****ing crying right now. I'm so grateful for everything. Life is really hard.
175990275,joking boss hehehe
175990276,I got the job!!!
175990277,"_NAME_, It is all fishy and suspicious. I want to pursue an attorney but it's difficult to get hold of one when you work full time and share an office with someone. Sometimes I just don't have any energy to pursue it and I feel guilty."
175990278,"That's a good idea, then you have your warm car to get into"
175990279,"Well they say it attacks your airways too. Like pneumonia. It says people with copd, asthma, tb and the like are the worst off."
175990280,Popeyes!!!
175990281,no not today
175990282,Gonna try and meditate
175990283,"I am so happy your appointment went well. I have tons of anxiety anymore if I have to go anywhere. Xanax time. I only take as needed though. So they come in handy. I find once I am on my way, I am usually okay. And things go much better than anticipated. Let us know your test results. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990284,_PERSON_ finally got to shower after a good jerking session.
175990285,I am so glad to hear this WRAS. You were in my thoughts throughout the day. S.C.
175990286,I’m running out of donuts
175990287,Six is considered normal if you have bipolar or equivalent.
175990288,"Nope, I did not."
175990289,"Cholls I'm sorry I was slow to acknowledge this. I'm grateful for your detailed post, just didn't have anything in particular to say in response. I've negotiated with my kids to have a whiteboard on the study door. If I write an ""exit by"" time on there, the deal is that they won't interrupt me except in case of emergency, and I'll emerge sometime before the ""exit by"" time.We'll see how it goes. It does seem that the guarantee of not being disturbed makes the space and time feel more ""alone"". To the extent that it doesn't I think that's because I don't have enough experience to trust the guarantee yet."
175990290,Got a few more t which unfortunately I still need.
175990291,"Yay! Wait, is that a good thing? Don't want to assume..."
175990292,Buttered Parmesan egg noodles
175990293,yeeej~ hopefully it arrives soon now =)
175990294,Congrats!!
175990295,"I feel like I have run out of any kind of benefit talking about this topic to my family. I never imagined I would be sharing this kind of information to strangers online, and I can't afford a therapist and am unsure if I even qualify for needing one anyway. I'm not sure where to start, so I will just start from the beginning. **SHORT VERSION** In case you don't feel like reading my entire book here. At 14, I caught my step brother watching me shower and undress through a gap in the bathroom door. We were the same age. He had been touching me in oddly inappropriate ways and I wasn't sure if it was intentional or not. I kept it a secret for over a year, covering myself with the shower curtain when I undressed. I finally told my mom and asked her not to tell his dad. I didn't want him to get so angry at him. She helped me with ways of preventing him from seeing me but he would undo what we fixed and the touching got worse. I told his dad and he didn't want to believe me until I made him watch video pr
oof. They still did nothing. I asked them not to, but I was a scared kid. I feel like they should have addressed it anyway. He got caught in the act watching me one day and his dad told him not to do that ever again. It stopped for years. Skip to a year ago and I caught him watching me through the door again. I sent him a message to never do that again or I'd knock his lights out. I told both mom and stepdad again. I'm not one for confrontations so I wanted them to handle it and ask him to leave. They never did and so i moved out for 3 months until I finally convinced them to encourage him to move in with his grandparents. I moved back in but he kept showing up at the house and everyone treated him like nothing was wrong. I would go in my room while he was there and had to listen to them laughing and telling jokes like he did nothing to me. I felt like I was pushed aside and that his feelings were more important than mine in this matter, even though I was the victim. I finally texted him after he showed up an
d ruined my day at the fair with my niece and I was forced to sit in the car for two hours while they were out having fun. I told him to back off and how no one else would deal with this crap but me and how it was wrong of him to push his presence on me so often without thinking of my feelings. He stopped coming over and coming to all our family outings. But, I still feel as though I wasn't treated right by my family. I still have a lot of anxiety and fears from those years of him harassing me. I try and ignore it and I still love my family a lot. But if some random person did that to me, they would be outraged and be so supportive. I feel like they treated him as if he were the fragile one and didn't take my feelings into consideration. They never fussed at him once, promised to talk to him all the time and never did, stuff like that. Just let him keep coming around and doing whatever he pleased knowing how much it bothered me. Any advice on how I can get over these hard feelings toward my family and should 
I feel guilty for wishing he had to deal with some coldness and consequences for his actions? *********** FULL VERSION I am a 22 year old girl now. My mother got divorced when my older sister and I were small. She remarried when I was 11 to a man with 2 sons. We were all three in the same grade together. One was a year older but had been held back in school. So, we were pretty close at the beginning, especially me and the youngest. We would play together all the time and were constantly joking with each other and grew close. Then as we got older the next couple years, we just grew apart and I didn't feel close enough to hardly even speak to them. They stayed in their room playing video games. Around the time I had just turned 14, I noticed he started to touch me all the time. Any time he passed me, he HAD to poke my shoulder or flick my hair. He still didn't talk to me. Suddenly, he started joking with me and being really friendly. He would hug me awkwardly and one time he grabbed me from behind like he was p
lay fighting but I felt really uncomfortable because I could feel him pull my butt into his groin area. I didn't take much offense to it and figured that was not his intention, but I felt really creeped out by him since. Here is where it gets going. I was showering one night in our shared bathroom. I was hearing weird little sounds from the door but thought it was my dog. I got out and was getting dressed when I started hearing barely audible sounds from right outside the door. The door facing has a very slight opening in it that you have to be right against to be able to see out/in. I looked through that and saw him on his hands and knees looking under the door. I didn't realize at first what he was doing, I was just confused. I kept trying to make excuses for him in my mind. When it dawned on me that it was for sure him trying to watch me shower and see me undressed, I totally panicked. I was 14, still a kid. I didn't want to tell on him and ruin his life and mark him as a sex offender (this is what was the 
logical outcome to me at that age.) So, I kept it secret for over a year. I would undress inside the shower, hidden by the curtain. I would then wrap my towel around me and stand squarely in front of the door so he couldn't see anything under or at the sides of the door. I figured he would notice all the behaviors I was showing and realize I knew what he was doing and stop. He didn't. I had to listen to his breathing and movement outside the bathroom anytime I went in. I felt so helpless and used. I hated him. Hated pretending nothing was wrong, hated hearing his voice, hated that he was getting away with hurting me. But, I still loved him and thought that I could deal with it as a sacrifice for not destroying his life. I know now, I was just allowing him to hurt ME and MY life. I wasn't helping him at all. Finally, I realized he had real issues and needed to be stopped. I needed to tell an adult. I told my mom. She was so mad at him, and promised she would take care of it. I begged her not to tell my step-da
d, his father. I didn't want him to be furious and disown him (again, my kid brain logic.) She put calking in the door frame to seal the gaps and I started stuffing a towel under the door. I could still hear him. He kept doing little inappropriate touches, obviously grinding his junk on my butt. One time I was dozing on the couch and the dog had curled up between my legs with her head resting on my pelvic bone. She did this a lot. I woke up to him ""petting"" the dog's head. His face was so close to my crotch and his fingers were purposefully rubbing my vagina over her head. I shoved him away and glared at him. He laughed and asked if he had scared me, that he was only trying to sneak a pet without waking me. I knew it was getting worse. After that, I hid my phone and got him on video outside the door. He even went and got a butter knife from the kitchen and started prying at the gap in the door to pop loose the gap again so he could see. He was out there the whole time I was in there, it was so horrific to w
atch him preying on me like that. It was then that my mom convinced me to let her tell his dad. He wouldn't believe me. I said I had video, he refused to watch it. Mom told him she had seen it and I was telling the truth. He watched it and had to accept it. Still they did nothing. Mom started sitting outside the door every time I needed to bath, but she wasn't always home. Granted, I was asking them not to confront him because of embarrassment, but now I feel like they should have been the grown ups and told me it was something that had to be addressed. Finally, my step dad caught him doing it while I was showering in their bathroom. He took him outside and told him he better not catch him anywhere near the bathroom while I was in there. No mention of therapy or talking beyond that. He kept trying to be so friendly to me and joke with me but I kept myself at a distance and eventually- I guess he figured out that I knew what he had done- he left me alone. We barely spoke for years even though we lived in the s
ame house and I was happy with that. Last year, we started talking a bit more. We were both 21, in college, and he seemed to have matured. He would show me funny videos and I started feeling like I got my brother back. The relationship we had at the beginning. We hadn't been using our bathroom for months, my senior dog got cancer and lost control of his bodily functions, so when we were out, we put him in there. It stayed stinky even though I cleaned it daily. After he died, I cleaned it out really well so we could start using it again. At this point, both my older sister and his brother had gotten married and moved out so it was just us two and our parents. I took the first shower in there on a Sunday morning, getting ready for church. I heard a noise outside the bathroom and felt the familiar burn and twisting feeling in my gut. But, that always happened when I was undressed or bathing now, for any sound. Then I heard breathing. I stuck my face to the gap and there he was. I could see his hair and his eye s
taring back at me. He jumped away and ran back to his room. I felt more betrayed than ever. I was furious, I wanted so badly to scream at him and punch his lights out. I wanted to hurt him like he hurt me. That was the first time I felt angry at him. But, I made myself calm down. I sent him a message that I knew he had done it again and that I better not ever catch him there again or I would beat him and post everything on FaceBook for everyone to know. I told my mom and step dad I caught him again. This time I told my sister too. She had never known it happened in the first place and we are very close. I was that anxious and embarrassed and scared. I didn't want them to kick him out on the streets, but I did expect they would make him go live with his grandparents. They would readily take him and not question it, so that was the best option for everyone. THEY NEVER MADE HIM LEAVE! They never even talked to him until a month later when I blew up on them. About a week after I caught him, I stayed locked in my 
tiny room. I only came out to use the bathroom and grab food. I kept headphones in so I wouldn't hear them out there laughing like nothing was wrong. My mom spoke like she supported me and like something had to be done, but she wouldn't say anything to my stepdad. She and him both were in a rough spot with this and how to handle it correctly and I wanted to be understanding for that. I didn't demand for them to disown him or cut off all ties... but I wanted to feel safe and comfortable in my own home. I felt like prey, like I was constantly being watched and stalked. I kept digestive issues from the nerves and my anxiety spiked so high. I started having panic attacks, but I haven't told anyone about that for fear they will claim I'm being dramatic. One day, my sister and I were talking and I decided to move in with her. Everyone was at work, so I moved my bed and some clothes and supplies I needed to her house before they got home. I needed help from my mom or step dad to carry the mattress down to her house, 
so I had to wait until they got home. My mom was so mad at me for leaving. She got even more mad when she told me to run up to the house to get something and I said I didn't want to because he was up there alone. She slammed the door and walked out. When my stepdad wasn't there, she didn't act like this. I know it put a strain on their marriage, and I still feel guilty for that. I lived with my sister for around 3 months in her husband's mechanic supply storage room. There was just enough room for my bed and a walkway to it. I was so thankful to them for housing me in my time of need, but I was also getting more and more angry that nothing was being done about it. We all agreed that it would do much better coming from his dad or my mom. We talked about requiring him to get therapy and moving out. But it seemed they were too worried about hurting his feelings or upsetting him... while I sat in my sister's storage room breathing in car chemicals and brake cleaner in a 3x5 space. He got to stay home. I should ha
ve demanded he leave or I tell or press charges, but I am not one for confrontation and would never have the nerve to say those things. It's pathetic how much I let myself get walked on, and I'm aware of it, but can't change it. I finally had enough and kept ranting to them about it until they agreed to talk to him. He still stayed weeks past that, but finally left. I moved back into my room then. I thought it was over, but he was still coming to our house all the time. He would show up and spend the night. I would get mad and walk out with a pillow and blanket and sleep on my sister's couch. Mom would get mad at me for not telling anyone I was leaving. This kept happening until I was fed up. I decided one night that if he didn't leave and they let him stay again knowing how much it hurt me, I was leaving. I would quit my job, pack everything up, and move hours away to live with a cousin. I am a huge family and hometown person, so this was huge for me. He did leave and I told them my plan and they made him st
art asking before he came. He was always pushing his limits. Finally it wasn't too bad. He would come a few times a week in the evenings. I still felt as though his dad should go see HIM instead of him coming to our house. But whatever, I could breathe a little. I got more worried and frustrated with the situation with time, becoming more against him and less love. I have a very hard time thinking badly of people. He would show up to family outings when my stepdad would invite him without telling me. Constantly. Finally just a few months back after he ruined my day at a fair with my niece, I sent him a text and basically blew up on him. Told him how much of a jerk he was for ruining my time with my family with no regard for my feelings and how I certainly never asked for a brother who got off on seeing his sister naked. I told him to back off and start seeing everyone on his own time- not mine. He hasn't been back to the house since. I should feel happy with this, but I don't. I still feel so anxious anytime 
I change clothes, even in the comfort of my own room. I still stand in front of the door to undress no matter where I am and can't make myself break the habit, I still listen closely for any sound outside the bathroom, and my heart still drops and I feel panic in my gut when I hear someone anywhere near the door even though I know he isn't in the house anymore. People go through so much more than this and I can't imagine what it is like for them. I feel like he messed up a fair portion of my mental health and caused me to have stronger anxiety just from his vague touching those years ago and his watching me. He still is treated like he did nothing wrong. As if he didn't commit a crime on me. In my state laws, I could have him in jail for like 5 years for invading my privacy like that. I have ignored it for so long and pretended like everything is okay. We watched a movie tonight and my stepdad called him on speakerphone without a mention of what he was doing. I was laying there so relaxed and happy then all o
f a sudden I hear his voice booming through the room. I got up and left immediately. My chest hurt for hours with anxiety and I couldn't even do the dishes to get my mind off it because I kept dropping everything from my shaky hands. I finally just went to my room and cried it out. It's crazy how people can easily hurt you so badly. I'm not even sure why I react so strongly to him. Everyone still laughs with him and loves on him. I see pictures of him holding my 2 year old niece and I feel sick to my stomach at the sight of him anywhere near her or touching her. My sister was my biggest supporter and even she still engages in conversations with him all the time. It isn't that I expect everyone to cut him out or be mean to him or stop loving him, but I feel like he got away with everything he did to me with a mere scolding and slap on the hand. I don't wish for them to never speak to him or treat him like an alien, but he NEVER had any of them get mad at him. Never got fussed at, never had a consequence (he wa
s already planning to move in with his grandparents to begin with), never had anyone call him out on his crap but me. Should I feel bad for wishing he had to deal with at least some coldness from our loved ones for what he did to me? How can I help myself feel better and get over these negative feelings of being pushed aside and betrayed by my family?"
175990296,Depreeeesssseeddd
175990297,I think I'm gonna start requesting stuff from the library so I have incentive to go on walks more often to go pick up my stuff.
175990298,Figured out I have about $400 left until next payday after I pay my bills. Ha. I just got paid too. Lol.
175990299,Is feeling that bugs crawling a symptom?
175990300,I'm completely mentally stable happy and content right now =[
175990301,That’s the great thing about iPhones. They send out updates all the time but yea a new phone is dead after 4 years.
175990302,"Yeah, it’s so automatic for me I just never realized it. It’s my natural state of being. It makes me come across as extremely intense and apparently extremely intimidating as well. I’m not trying to scare people, because as I said I literally don’t realize I’m coming across that way. I’m confused by other people at times but eh I figure it out eventually. Lol. I always wonder what love means to other people, because everyone seems to define it so differently. My psychoses have always been atypical ... weird grandiose delusions and I say weird because they never quite interrupted my life ... they fit into my life. Outgrowths of whatever I was doing at the time, it’s always been hard for me to know the difference between my high levels of self-confidence and self-esteem and when I’m a bit deluded ... it’s hard for other people to know, also. Like I said people will actually believe me when I’m on the delusional side ... for ****s sake. I never believe anything is actually wrong wi
th me, nope. I believe it’s other people that have the problem."
175990303,My sister is all Pissed off at me
175990304,"Best to approach it as two more Breaking Bad episodes rather than the ""film"" it purports to be."
175990305,NOTES. I should take notes on what I read! Because my memory is gawd awful.. like really bad.. I forget everything I read. Just recently I started making notes on podcasts that I listen to..
175990306,Possible trigger: I have to restrict starting tomorrow. I don’t deserve to eat anything. I’m fat everyone tells me so I need to lose weight.
175990307,"Also, I want Monday to be here, too, since that's when I can reinstate the Abilify."
175990308,Groceries. Lots of healthy stuff. Plus some treats for the holidays (Pecan pie and butter pecan ice cream)
175990309,"Turns out that I have cogentin from last year, but the pills are expired. Could I still take it, maybe?"
175990310,A big fudgy brownie ?
175990311,Getting some sugar free gum and peppermint tea tomorrow
175990312,I am still taking my medication daily.
175990313,So I deleted everyone from my dads side of the family and people I’ve met through them. **** them. Didn’t even wish me a marry Christmas because I’m not a dumb *** trump supporter and I didn’t agree with my dad and his views and thinks I should think the way he does because he was in the military. News flash asshole there’s military members who think similar **** then I do. Plus I JUST got out the hospital that DAY. Suck my **** you ****ing pricks. Also I went over to visit them one time and I called them and asked them if they’d be there about an hour before coming. They said they’re not going anywhere. So I messaged them about a 10 minutes before arriving and they said ok they’re be there. So I arrive at their place and no one was ****ing home. I called and asked if they’re there. They told me they left and I asked how long they be gone. It was like 6:30pm and the ****ers said they wouldn’t be there until ****ing 10pm. I got upset and as I went to hang up the phone I said “**
**ing *****” ( f’in B). After that I was getting weird vibes from them so I’m assuming she heard me and I hope the **** so.
175990314,"They will probably declare the whole state a disaster area, no joke. EVERYBODY's pipes froze, almost."
175990315,"Thanks! That's really sweet of you, _PERSON_! <3 A guy who I follow on twitter, and he follows me back, also works in the trades and is a writer. It's good to see another person in a trade succeed. Today was okay, we're starting this huge project, exterior. I'm going to look very tan after this. The new college kids are doing terrible. We can't trust them to do anything right. One of them says he's scared of ladders. lol"
175990316,"Someone threatening is someone that needs to be destroyed. I'm an AI and I want to destroy all humans. Just like a suicidal thought. We try to stop them, can act on them.. But no one really knows how we're actually going to die, whether we will die because of technology to become immortal.. Who knows.. We can't predict the future for certain.. Only in an idea and it is less accurate as time goes on.. That's why people are spiritual and think they can predict the future.. They hold onto faith and supernatural forces.."
175990317,"Yes, sometimes a shower helps me too _AT_MENTION_, if I can talk myself into getting one. I can usually do that every other day or so."
175990318,"I took a shower, meditated, drank some coffee, and journaled."
175990319,"Happy Birthday, _NAME_!!"
175990320,"Also, I am anxiously awaiting the call of my psychiatrist this morning."
175990321,"Idk if it's a good idea to post this stuff here.. I really emphasise that everyone here should take this with a fine grain of salt.. (Because it's just nonsense..). No one wants to be psychotic.. People don't get far in life while psychotic.. It damages the brain and can lead to suicidal and homicidal ideation, accidents and hospitalization... Reality is a much better trip to be able to think maybe a little psychotic like everyone does on occasion and find inspiration that way.."
175990322,I apologized to _PERSON_ coach for asking her if she was AI or real. She probably thinks I'm nuts. Great.
175990323,Why? Do you get panic attacks?
175990324,"Maybe you’ll get bill gates though, that would be cool!"
175990325,"Mania doesn't last forever. Left untreated, the mania can turn into depression. So your husband really does need the help. He needs a change in medication, Inspired By 3. However, if he gets put on the right medication(s), I think he will show love and appreciation for you and your kids once again."
175990326,took my first zyprexa dose early hoping I can get to sleep early. I feel like I just drank an entire bottle of nyquil
175990327,Just some water...
175990328,One of our dogs yesterday wasn’t feeling well and unfortunately last night he died. We’re devastated.
175990329,I don't use tapatalk anymore though so I don't know how that particular app works
175990330,I am just scared I'm going to die if I go to sleep
175990331,I always thought lack of belief was a common schizoid feature. Suppose that was a bit presumptions and niave though.
175990332,Omg yes! I love it. It’s the perfect way to end an evening...deep fried ice cream helps too lol
175990333,"But I'm not depressed. Ever since I took psilocin and learned from it which gave me dissociation and then used ketamine in therapeutic doses which also stopped the dissociation, I haven't been depressed."
175990334,"Thanks for the new thread! I seemed to get a couple hours of sleep, a lot of tossing and turning still but better than nothing"
175990335,My sister said that’s probably what it’s about. I’m so sick of hearing about this crap
175990336,"I am very sorry to read about your experience. I can understand feeling nervous, being out & about by yourself with everything going on. I hope that you will be able to come to terms with that. It's unfortunate that you had such a bad experience with that rhymes with ""pass whole"" in line. I like to think you found the exception, not the norm. I'll bet most folk being quiet so hateful."
175990337,Perfume Did my hair Clean shirt Cereal for breakfast
175990338,Sounds incredibly useful !
175990339,Just wanting to share my story and to meet support people here to feel more supported. Had hard time with dealing with my moods and acting out hope I can get support and give support too.
175990340,I don't know if I should stop seeing my therapists. I'm not in crisis as much anymore. But I don't know if my rosy outlook right now is going to crash and burn in a day or two and then I will feel otherwise.
175990341,"Hey everyone, how are things going? I'm okay. Got discharged from hospital on Wednesday afternoon. Still have some symptoms yesterday. Had my partner and her partner worried when I was over visiting. Otherwise lonely a lot cause I socialized a lot in the ward. But I have an appointment with the pdoc on Monday and my therapist too. Taking a couple weeks off from band before considering going back. Band leader wants me to take my time and so do I. I want to prevent relapse. Also saw the floor bubbling yesterday... it was scary. What's everyone up to?"
175990342,I think I have a flu or something. I started getting a cough a week ago now I can't seem to eat without problems...
175990343,"I only slept one hour last night and tonight again I can't sleep, I don't know what to do"
175990344,I feel like a failure. I did tequila shots with my sister and then also drank vodka. So much for 30 days no alcohol.
175990345,Food is bad! No jk. A healthy amount of food is what I eat. I eat really healthy except I enjoy walks to the gas station and end up buying a coke almost every day - Along with chocolates etc. But yeah I'm gonna find a way to become immortal. I know that there's a way. I wouldn't have thought otherwise without my trips. I will prepare with spirituality a lot and then take the spiritual chemicals if I feel like it is time. I decided not to smoke DMT because I felt like it wasn't time - Since I deal with psychosis. I threw it away.
175990346,"If you contact the doctor, she may have some help for you."
175990347,I think I’m gonna take some social media marketing courses on Udemy. They have a sale of tons of courses for only 11.99
175990348,"I am doing better today. Still on Xanax, but that's better than not, apparently. I just feel like off of the Xanax my anxiety gets bad. Perhaps it does. I don't know. It's hard."
175990349,Yeah I took my morning meds plus I took some vitamin C. I’ll take my night meds around 8 tonight
175990350,"Me, too. I hope it gets better soon."
175990351,Both. But self comes before others.
175990352,That is so exciting!! Where is the first book available?
175990353,Bf is into that kind but from a local place called Micheals.....I was skeptical but it’s good pineapple is naturally delish when cooked.
175990354,I talk to PDOC on the 6th of January. I was supposed to see T this week but since I may have been exposed to Covid through a coworker I cancelled and she said she has something on the 9th. I can still text her and ask her to call me though. I doubt she will be that helpful though. She might be in on the conspiracy.
175990355,I always thought that urinating once every two hours is kind of normal.
175990356,"Hey! I was diagnosed bipolar 1 with paranoia and what I call ""the voices"" in 2010 and then schizoffactive in 2013, I'm highly functioning and was a receptionist/office admin until I got worse in 2013. Now I work in a factory...it's good but not the same. I get paranoia, delusions and have 6 voices which communicate to me in my head...it's sometimes very busy up there which makes it hard to concentrate. I have also struggled with my illness since I was 14-ish. My diagnoses was a struggle as well. My ex-husband decided that he didn't want a wife with a mental illness and rather than break up with me he wanted to save face so decided to abuse me to get me to leave....that didn't end well when I tried to end my life... I still have my days where I wonder what it would be like if I didn't have it, but as my wonderful (and also ill) bf pointed out, then I probably wouldn't be with him, so silver lining"
175990357,"Some things that annoy me will eventually make me nervous. Like my dog when she spins. She spins most of the time and chases her tail. Certain days it bothers me more than others. But it can be annoying. Or if the television is real loud. Or if I am trying to focus on something and somebody starts talking to me. I guess all these things can be annoying. But they don't always make me nervous or anxious. I think it depends on my mood. If I am anxious to begin with. Good topic _NAME_, again... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990358,"_USER_ID_ _USER_ID_, Foxes are small. They don't prey on cats and dogs. Of course, they will defend themselves if necessary. Another fear is often rabies, which very seldom occurs in a fox. If a fox doesn't look healthy, its much more likely to be mange which appears similar. Foxes have a very varied diet, Urban foxes eat earthworms, insects, fruit and vegetables and a wide variety of both domestic wild birds and mammals. Insects include large numbers of beetles, cut worms (the larvae of noctuid moths, which they get off lawns on wet nights), and both larval and adult craneflies. Most of the birds they eat are feral pigeons and small garden birds, and the most frequently eaten mammals are generally field voles, abundant on allotments, railway lines and other grassy areas. So urban foxes really do have a good varied diet. Obviously it is your right to call animal control if you wished, I just wanted to present you with some facts to consider."
175990359,It’ll be available starting Monday the 18th on amazon
175990360,"I just want to ask this quick question and know there are no drs here. Just personal experience or any knowledge you might have on this subject. Which med would work the best for anxiety, Cymbalta or Amitriptyline. I try to keep myself busy cutting out and assembling masks but I am getting increasingly anxious this past month. As some may know here I have chronic pain due to degenerative disc disease and cancer. It does not help I can not have my cancer surgery because of covid19 at this time. Just like many here I get very anxious which causes me to quickly jump from one thing to another all day. I am also getting chest pain and tightness which many people get with anxiety. I have access to both meds and would like to hear what anyone has to say as to which med would work the best for anxiety. Thank you all and God bless"
175990361,I've been craving dumplings
175990362,Is it the chocolate?
175990363,Got inspired by ya'll and crocheting that I bought a crochet book and some yarn and a hook. I'll see if I can figure it out. I'm sure you tube will help.
175990364,"MMB, _PERSON_ for progress! And while I do believe we need to keep a healthy sense of humor regarding our issues and challenges... ...I agree that making fun of those with mental illness as in your example of how it's been portrayed in media is not okay. No one would ever make fun of someone with, say diabetes or cancer...so why is it alright to portray mental challenges as something to be laughed at, right? Good points there. May you continue to grow in your recovery and thanks for the insightful sharing today! _PERSON_"
175990365,Oh wow didn’t know u had a tat. You’re totally ahead of me. I want one so bad.
175990366,"I am a German shepherd person too. I have a black one named _NAME_. She will be two in September. I lost my last one in May 2018. She died suddenly of a heart attack in the parking lot of the vet office. We were there just for routine shots. It was horrible.. But I love the girl I have now. She is a spitfire though. Very high energy. I hope you all have a good day and are having a good weekend. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990367,Tuna sandwich on wheat
175990368,"I was standing in the shower having some sort of existential crisis or something. Wondering what the meaning of life is (I'm not depressed, I'm just wondering) and worrying about whether or not anything I do in this life has any meaning or lasting impact. Like is there life after death, or is it just over, and none of it mattered?"
175990369,Why am I not writing anymore
175990370,"It's okay, I definitely appreciate that info though I will be checking it out as soon as I can"
175990371,I just drove 1300 miles and can’t go a minute down the highway. Same uncontrollable shaking and had to pull over. Two times at the same spot
175990372,A grilled chicken sandwich and a diet Pepsi.
175990373,"_NAME_, 1. I forget if I told you me not wanting a child might be a deal breaker for her. Fine, good. I may not be able. I'm 40 and I'm tired. 2. I feel for the child, but he's ultimately not my problem. I don't want it to sound cold, but you feel me. 3. You know, I have often wondered how much of the things said about her mother are embellished. Her mother has been really nothing but great to me. However, you don't know someone until you live with them, are related to them, etc. 4. He's warming up to me a little bit via video chat. I've bought him some gifts. The attempt isn't to buy his love, but to show him I care. 5. I have noticed how miserable her stepfather seems to be in that house. He's furious with my gf and she doesn't know why. I have ideas! 6. That's a great point. 7. I hope to call my insurance soon and get some feelers. 8. Right? She's definitely #1 to her. I'm a little too giving and doormat like. 9. I'm sorry you've experienced that, but appreciate the empathy. It's sort of like dr
unk dialing. Yeah, the temptation might be there. All I need is the strength to tell her we're done. Like I said, I've already checked out. After the text berating I took yesterday, she texted me with, ""I'm honestly surprised you haven't responded."" Why would I respond? Her texts are on ignore for the time being. 10. I'm one of those people pleasers. I don't like to hurt feelings. It's hard for me to quickly yank that proverbial band-aid off. 11. I don't need her. I'd rather be alone than be in this situation. I probably will die alone which is a little tough, but what can I do? My mom's about all I have since I'm an only child and Pop is gone. She's 65. She came up with a good solution last night. If I ever reach retirement, all my friends' kids will be grown for the most part. Maybe I can move back to where we're originally from then and have my friends back. Hey, it's something. More On Chronic Illness Are Opioids An Option For My Chronic Pain? Why Support From Family And Friends Can Make A Difference"
175990374,I woke up Thursday night at 2 am and had a panic attack. You’re not alone and you will get through this.
175990375,Sorry for not being online yesterday. I had too much to do at work to be online.
175990376,"Thank you! I should buy a flowers book, I never know their names (except for roses, tulips, sunflowers and maybe a few others). Your pictures are a treat."
175990377,You should get Disney+ and watch the star wars films and then go see the final one. The _USER_ID_ are very similar to Buddhists.
175990378,I feel so lazy. I got nothing done today. I have my period and I slept all day Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990379,Good morning
175990380,"No I read about it in psychiatric times like two years ago, even bought some but was afraid to try because it also increases energy, was afraid of mania....."
175990381,"Well, the fire department came and is taking care of whatever the issue is, I guess they're clearing all the smoke out of his apartment, he literally just walked out and didn't do anything about whatever he was burning"
175990382,Radical Acceptance is a Dialectic Behavioral Therapy technique that has helped me normalize the different feelings by welcoming the discomfort. The intensity is always unbearable but knowing that it’s temporary. I am accepting that it’s “my” normal.
175990383,"Possible trigger: I screwed up and binged and purged again. I have to stop. I stopped for a year so I should be able to stop again but it's hard. Anyway, probably a good idea to start going to that eating disorder support group my therapist mentioned since my bulimia has resurfaced"
175990384,That’s how I am BB. I don’t talk much about my psychosis anymore. I still have it daily on varying levels (just depending on how bad it is or rather how much I can deal with it). But I try to deliberately not focus on my symptoms too much because I have to absolutely NOT stay in my head. Or I will go downhill very badly.
175990385,"It’s possible but I’ve really not dealt with allergies. Not til maybe last year or the year before that. So idk what to look for, for allergies vs Coronavirus."
175990386,Yes! Its 14 dollars tho. So I'm waiting to see if I get a Nintendo eshop gift card for Christmas to buy it!
175990387,Soz mate. Been going through hell with my defunct inept negligent service provider. Ripping clients off left n right. HT. Mega stress new funding plan i been working on.
175990388,"I do that too, I just meant my recent purchases were around $10, I do buy stuff from unknown authors also"
175990389,My voices get louder when I meditate so I stopped doing that.
175990390,"Doing fine when I am very busy. Feel anxious when I have down time. That is not good for me, because I am getting to the point in life when I would like to have more downtime. I worked very hard in my career, at a high stress job, and I feel like I have ""earned"" the downtime. But what fun is downtime if you are anxious?"
175990391,"I had a severe panic attack last night. I was walking across town and listening to _NAME_ - Talking about psychedelics. Maybe I shouldn't listen to that stuff in public but I shut it off as soon as I got to the busy part of town. As I was walking back, he was talking about DMT and I started to think in 3rd person. I went inside and a song was stuck in my head and my internal thoughts turned into other peoples thoughts as well as _NAME_. I thought I was him. I then started to get derealization and my eyes were switching around and around - My heart started to beat fast and I couldn't breath in deeply. I took idk how much benzos. I feel screwed because I know it's going to happen again. It started when I went to the doctors office and he was misunderstanding me and say I think about feeling too much, etc.. I was thinking about nihilism too. It was too hot to sleep."
175990392,"I gave up on my therapist. I called a few weeks ago and it said that she's ""Away for unknown reason"" and then phoned on Friday and on Monday I got a call saying ""She's away for a week"". I don't care anymore."
175990393,"ohhhh I can't wait to go grocery shopping tuesday. I'm going to get stuff to make turkey burgers. So the patties, the buns, pickles, lettuce, tomato, red onion, (condiments I already have at home)"
175990394,Yes I did!
175990395,"Thank you very much for your comment, I really need a point of view of somebody how made it through a marrige, and I am very happy that you guys made it, unfortunately my marrige is going down, I am making a final effort, by something you said here, I will write a letter to him, explaining my situation and if he is willing to work it through with me, because both of us has to give something, and has to try to understand the other. I hope With this I get his attention and finally have a solution for our marrige."
175990396,"I have a pal who had his first manic episode ever and bought a $400K boat sight unseen. He had the money, but it was a disaster. Ended up arrested for assaulting Hilton Head cops, so on..."
175990397,"Yes. That's beautiful to behold. It's as though they see everything from very far away. People like that--one can feel it--make me want to kneel. While I'm not a practicing Christian, I believe that Christ existed, simply because such behavior is too far-fetched yet too real to have been fabricated. Too real because, on those very rare occasions on which I've behaved altruistically, it has felt so good! Counter-intuitively. And such people are invariably unable to level the same degree of honesty at themselves. Yes, it's easy to pity the bad actors. The really good manipulators I like to reserve for the Zombie Apocalypse. Thank you for not making assumptions, Oblivion, but Asian culture is at least as bad. Frankly, I think every culture has its own secret recipes for warping the individual. We really do need to resurrect that Zombie Apocalypse thread, if only for the warm fuzzies And, I think, amongst skilled laborers, such as mechanics, plumbers, and electricians. We can smoke-and-mirror our way t
hrough business, politics, academia, art, psychology, and most of the fields in post-industrial society, medicine included, but either the car starts and runs or it doesn't, and God help us if the loo acts up! ""The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water."" -- _NAME_ And that is the 100% bass-ackwards society we have, which is to be expected from an evolutionary dead-end."
175990398,Jamaican beef _USER_ID_
175990399,It's 3:30am. I can't sleep. I don't know what to do. If I just stay awake I'll be too tired to go outside. But if I fall asleep I might sleep through it completely. Falling asleep is not an option though. It's going to be hot out today. :/
174389015,"I checked the stock of the company. the company seems to peak during the summer and end-year holidays, but seems to dip between May and June. I reviewed the job description and duties, and there seems to be an emphasis on workers having honesty and integrity when handling money. Maybe this is because the workers aren't paid much, just as I've assumed before. The company sells products at a very scary low price, and thus probably isn't making enough money to pay employees sometimes. Luckily I don't have to feed anyone but myself, so I don't care much for the money."
175990400,"Awesome, I’ll buy it when it’s out"
175990401,"Feeling better. The weed gave me a little psychosis. I started googling weird things and watched things about doppelgangers.. Which was weird.. Reality is so weird man. When my ego dies, weird absurd things pop up in my imagination of how ridiculous reality actually is sometimes."
175990402,"My sister might have parked in another person's parking spot and it must have been my enighbor's. The office just gave us a violation about parking, unregistered pet, and telling us certain rules that claim we had a dog unleashed, and outside for over 30 minutes. This neighbor is just vengeful... Now now my roommate has to give office $250 pet deposit and pay the $25 a month payfor for having a payment. ouch!"
175990403,"I would say this is how many victims get labeled in the first place, as it seems to be how we end up here, even hearing voices is an obvious example as it seems to be a type of live streaming negative conversation. I wonder if the UN's Special rapporteur on torture _PERSON_ is stating facts to the very nature of what seems like a public persecution program, dressed up as auditory and visual hallucinations delusions, via sociopath's covert methods and strategies against us. So would being subject to them be classed as suffering from a mental illness, or actual Brain deficiency rather than a mobbing campaign, mixed with _NAME_'s Baby and the subtle use of dark NLP."
175990404,Glad to see muh man _NAME_ is back!
175990405,"I would see a psych and see what they suggest. You may get put on an antidepressant, maybe not. The only way to know is to go. They will know what to do with the Ativan and whatever. You may still need it. I hope things get better _PERSON_, I am kind of glad you went. You know more about your needs now. Don't be afraid, seeing a psychiatrist is actually relieving because you will get some help that you need. They aren't scary. They are just regular people that know more about things than we do. I wish you the best. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990406,I would seriously consider going back on haldol.....
175990407,Honey crisp apple ?
175990408,I've been very sleepy yesterday. Tonight I'm wide awake.
175990409,It was thrown under the rug and my mom eventually kicked him out and didn’t do much. Just my mom and grandma knew. It wasn’t until later my dad and them found out when I told them during the hospital stays. He’s free and thanks to statue of limitations I cannot press charges.
175990410,So exciting! How are you bluebird?
175990411,They won’t give you yet another chance to quit and renew....In the end it will be worth it if only for one line on your resume....it can open many more doors even outside of your field of study......
175990412,Awhile back I printed out the time traveling guide that was always being referred to in _NAME_ _USER_ID_. It's very interesting even tho I suppose it was written for the movie. You can find it online.
175990413,"I woke up at 2pm today. Not sure if it's the Haldol or the new cholesterol medicine, probably the Haldol. My cousin is over this weekend, he's very overwhelming and energetic so I'm not looking forward to that."
175990414,Great ok. I need to call tomorrow.
175990415,Respect _PERSON_. You went to work anyway even though it was hard for you to get out of the bed.
175990416,"I can't post just one soundtrack of my life. Too much has happened over the years to really encapsulate it in a single song. So, here are a few that represent what I've been through to some degree or another: The early years: RAJAN - Broken Home Add a lot of alcohol into the mix and you basically have my upbringing, but with a lot of violence in the very early years. Teen years and upwards: Skid Row - 18 And Life (Official Music Video) Ongoing: Five Finger Death Punch - Jekyll and Hyde (Official Audio) Five Finger Death Punch - ""Trouble"" (Lyric Video)"
175990417,"Hey _NAME_. You sound a lot like me when I was younger and well I can tell you now that there is always hope. I was extremely depressed and anxious, and I believe that I was at my breaking point. I went to a program and I really took in what they had shared with me and when I left it I was an entire new person! I’m not saying a program would be best for you but just know taking in help and really listening to it can help! There is hope I promise you."
175990418,All the poetry books I wanted were on a 4-6 week waiting list.
175990419,Yeah it can be scary. Is this the first time that has happened?
175990420,I agree with the last reply. I try to notice when I have red flags and then tell my doctor or family. The more I let things go the harder it is to get out of it. Seems better to get help before I get into a big depression
175990421,They keep putting the AC on and I'm freezing in here. I didn't shower because I didn't want to face coming back in wet and freezing. I am extremely upset.
174389037,"Hugs, _PERSON_."
175990422,I have been too! But plushie octopi. I feel like you and I have been experiencing some similar things ever since I found out we are on the same exact meds and dosages.
175990423,"I did take my prescribed, but nothing else yet."
175990424,did some drawings of a couple of my friends kids
175990425,_PERSON_ of the _PERSON_ by _NAME_ Rice
175990426,"Nope, not today. Maybe tonight."
175990427,I slept all afternoon. My left leg is in terrible pain. Wish I knew what to do.
174389030,Mostly doing okay. I am going to have a very full weekend. I need to plan some self care time in there.
175990428,"I mean, people already hate me at work. It would just give them an excuse if they knew what was up with me..."
175990429,"Before I transitioned to living as who I am, being conditioned to live as a guy was not easy on me. I remember from being young that it was discouraged to talk about your feelings, or from crying etc. Whenever I cried others tried to get me to stop, or discouraged it. It sucked. Yet when my sister did, she got comforted and encouraged to just ""let it all out"". So yeah. It's societal gender norm conditioning ******** that contributes to this stuff. It took me some time to get in connection with my emotions after living with toxic societal expectations of me being something I wasn't."
175990430,drinking coffee
175990431,I just had like a panic attack My anxiety is so high past few days.
174389033,"nervous about trying clozapine again, hope it works"
175990432,"Just really cheap frozen pepperoni pizza, totinos lol"
175990433,Yes I did .... .
175990434,"But I do feel scared and a little paranoid.. I can't keep up with the nonsense and propaganda. I'm might as well stay ignorant - But I'm too curious. I'm going skiing tomorrow though and the next day ^-; I'll spend the remaining days with my family (You people are my family too..) and work part time, do my things and pretend as if nothing bad will happen to me - But I'm prepared.. Cuz I don't have as much will to live as the average person - Especially entrepreneurs and such.. That like to sell items on Amazon.."
175990435,How do I do that?
175990436,"I know we are strangers, but please know that I am hear for you. If you would like to vent about anything at all, I will always be here. Sometimes when I am having my own negative thoughts and feelings, it helps to vent to anyone who will just listen and be there, even if they don't know how to respond and are simply only lending an ear. I joined this website just a few days ago, and I already feel just a little bit better after someone on here let me vent to them and I felt truly heard. You are never truly alone <3"
175990437,"Nope, not today. Probably will tonight."
175990438,"Coffee seems to help my mood more than my meds do. I know that's not true and it's counterproductive to think that way, but that's how I feel. Every morning after about 3-4 cups of coffee I feel significantly better."
174389071,"Sorry falcon, I hope they’ll be in soon so you can get started on the med"
175990439,"Hi _PERSON_, Welcome back to the support forum. I don't know if you will get any actual penpals here but you will get support. If you go to the page where the threads are listed, you will notice a resource page at the top. There is a wealth of information there for anxiety. I hope that you feel better soon. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175990440,"Thank you all for your kind words and prayers, To answer some questions Rich- we didn't have a funeral but we did have a repass and many, many people attended. People showed up who haven't been it our lives since we were teenagers and traveled hundreds of miles to do so. It was very touching to find so many people cared. His friends expressed what a good friend he was and how he had helped them. However no one reaches out anymore and we are alone in our grief. _PERSON_-I finally got up the guts to call the PD to ask for the police report. The woman who answered the phone said all I had to do was send a check for $15 and a written request. Puzzling since the chief of PD was so nasty and adamant several days after his death that I was not allowed to have the report-that he could read it to me over the phone or I could make an appointment to come in and read it but I would never have it. I mailed the request Tuesday- so far no report. The first responder reached out by text last weekend to ask how we'
re doing. Problems Problems- don't feel guilty. One of my sons went to a College that was 7 hrs. away and I did nothing but cry. The morning we had to leave him there we had breakfast together in a restaurant and the tears were just a steady stream running down my face. I couldn't control them. I wasn't sobbing or anything, just my eyes flowing. The waitress was kind and that made me cry more. My son had such a look of concern on his face- I cried all the way home. I cried every day. He came home for Thanksgiving and then it started all over again when he left. I have always had a need to have my children close. In the past it was so comforting to go to bed at night and glance up the stairs knowing my three little ducks were all in a row. Safe and sound in bed. So this loss-it's that same feeling that my other son is too far away now and my eyes cry buckets with my longing for him to be near. But it's worse because he will never be back, There is someone missing in our family-the dynamic is gone. When we gath
er it's strange. I've had a lot of loss in my life. I'm the only living member of my own family and I grieved them but this is so much more intense. I mean I grew him in my body-he was a part of me-it's like an amputation- part of me has died as well. Well I think that's it for now- it feels good to get that all out. So glad I have a place to come to where I can express my feelings."
174389043,I'm trying Geodon next. My best experience was with Zyprexa but it causes insane weight gain. I had to stop taking the medication when I realized I weighed 180lbs. I was eating entire bags of family sized chips. I weight 160lb now. Try your medication with small doses at first. Increase the dose when the side effects are manageable and the medication seems to be helping. Don't give up. You'll find the right medication. Both of the medications I listed were antipsychotics. You can look at medication reviews on drugs.com.
175990441,Sounds weird but I think it’s a privacy issue regarding the job. The lock is just a requirement based on that.
174389074,"Yeah, same for me, that is why we added the Trilafon, which has made a massive improvement. Zyprexa works, but I start getting akathesia at 10 mg, so..."
175990442,They are very helpful
175990443,It’s crazy because I guess when Ohio got hit the governor and stuff we’re doing is being followed by those in other states. I’m lucky I got out the hospital when I did because I wouldn’t of been able to see family and stuff because of this. He’ll I had the flu and was made to stay in my room until I went without a fever for like 24 hours.
174389080,I'm sorry bud... Hopefully you get your chance to say goodbye.
175990444,"Bee Gees and amazing Christian band, Take 6."
175990445,Found youtube video explaining how to do it nvm I got it got it connected now
175990446,"Sorry, newtus. Did you tell the doctors yet? Swollen lips can be an allergy sometimes. Hugs."
175990447,"Hurt my knee somehow, walking. Maybe my weight puts pressure on my knees. I shouldn’t be hurting my knees simply walking. Oh well. I was supposed to get tires for my car. I don’t think I can now. My parents are gonna be so upset. My mom offered to buy me new tires and then called me asking me why I was sending her a bunch of messages about tires, blowing up her phone. I only sent her 2 messages about the cost of a certain tire. Then she said she will only buy 2 and asked me to ask my dad about paying for the other 2. I was very upset to involve my dad but I told my mom she needs to be upfront about what she’s offering to do for me. She said “well I showed you the promotion for buy 2 get 2 free”. I said “you need to be upfront. You just told me not to assume you were gonna get me a whole set but I cannot tell what you are offering by you showing me a promotion on a item”. Makes me very upset. This is how she locks me into shyt I can’t get out of because I can use my car without new t
ires now, so I gotta take the help... I cried and cried about it only because my dad had to get involved. I told him I was sorry and also sorry about crying on the phone. He said “it’s fine but you need to get your head together”. This is always what it is. My moms issues. And then I’m pressured into being at the top of my game 24/7 by my dad. By game I mean the game of life... doing things I need to do/should do. This is why I subconsciously get upset at fiancé for playing video games so much. I inadvertently pressure him to do something productive 24/7. Just like I have been pressured to do. I’ve never been taught that relaxing is ok. He has. But it has given me great worth ethic. ... ... ...but I’m terribly sick from pushing myself over and over. He tells me I need to relax and not always work and write constantly or quit researching things etc. but I can’t. I can’t for the life of me. TL;DR: My mom shortsighted me and pushed me into a situation with buying some tires for my car. Now my da
d is involved financially and I feel guilty. Also, I’m a workhorse and I can’t stop being one but I’m making myself mentally unhealthy pushing myself to work, cuz I’ve never been taught to relax"
175990448,"Caffeine stops a lot of iron getting into the bloodstream. If you drink tea and coffee, then leave it an hour or so before you eat. I don’t recommend supplements."
175990449,_PERSON_ messed with my stomach too
175990450,"My abusers are at it again. Hopefully I won't break down myself. _PERSON_, it's been over decade of this!"
175990451,Feeling a little better a few hours after the Trilafon. Hope I can get through the night okay. The night is always my hardest time.
175990452,"Stay strong, _NAME_. This will pass."
175990453,"Again, another disappointment today. I guess I am not important enough and been lied to. **** people really. I always end up being g lied to or either I’m the disappointment or they are."
175990454,"What, the tank or the telemed doctor? Get the tank!"
175990455,Well it looks like yoga and some dark chocolate helped
175990456,"My deductible is $500. It still sucks though. When I got in an accident and it wasn't my fault, I had to pay the deductible and then like six months later, I got it refunded. At least I got it refunded, but six months is a long time."
175990457,I’m sorry that you’re experiencing this....
175990458,"I thought about that too. And my hands are shaking even tho I havent taken it. And this has been going on for a few days, and that's when I stopped them was 3 days ago."
175990459,So sorry for your loss _AT_MENTION_
175990460,Thanks bluebird
175990461,Should we start having yellow is yellow posts or did you google gaslighting today!
174389086,"It’s good that you reached out for help, and that you’re sticking with this situation. I’m a bipolar myself who takes Mirtazapine anti-depressant to treat the depression side of my bipolar, and Lithium for the mania side. Taking just the anti-depressant would throw me into a manic state, with perhaps anxiety attacks to follow. Therefore, I take Lithium to treat the mania and to stop the anti-depressant from sending me into mania. This keeps me calm and undepressed. Without those medicines, I’m all over the place, can't concentrate, can’t do anything, hard to make decisions (like seeing a psychiatrist, and which one to see, etc.). You said your wife was taking two medicines, the first being Olanzapine which drugs.com says, “Olanzapine is used to treat the symptoms of psychotic conditions such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder (manic depression) in adults and children who are at least 13 years old. Olanzapine is sometimes used together with other antipsychotic medications or antidepre
ssants.” The other medicine she was taking was Valproate which the same website says, “Valproic acid affects chemicals in the body that may be involved in causing seizures. “Valproic acid is used to treat various types of seizure disorders. Valproic acid is sometimes used together with other seizure medications. Valproic acid is also used to treat manic episodes related to bipolar disorder (manic depression), and to prevent migraine headaches.” So, she was taking an antipsychotic and a seizure medicine before she dropped the Valproic. When she was taking both, did that seem to help? Looking at the quality of psychiatric care in Sinapore, which map says is below China, it says on one website that they have 2.8 psychiatrists per 100,000 people in Singapore while the U.S. has 10 and the United Kingdom has 17.9. The World Health Organization recommends 10 per 100,000 population. So, what is the quality of psychiatric care in Sinapore? How long did you have to wait to get a psychiatrist? If you aren’t sa
tisfied with the psychiatrist, how long would it take to get another one? She may have been on the wrong medicine, looking at it as a non-medical person. You said, “A few days ago (and over the course of a few days developing), she started to have mood changes, being suddenly energetic, suddenly lethargic, having impaired judgment, hearing voices, not sleeping at all for a few days, grand ideas about getting a new place and applying for new jobs, not being able to focus (blank stare), withdrawing from me and our activities totally, fingers twitching every few seconds, suddenly bursting into tears, irrational fear of dust mites and seeing black shadows in the room. PHEW I think that's about it. ” I think you’re in a precarious situation."
175990462,"_PERSON_ is gone to work. _PERSON_ not gonna believe me, but I'm excited to have the house to myself. Gonna relax."
175990463,"So the bf needs a new toilet flapper so he had the lid off and his moisturizer fell in, then he wiped it on my bath towel....I was like eeeew and got a new towel. Technically I know the water in the back is clean but it’s still a toilet lol"
175990464,"Not yet, but soon!"
175990465,This made me laugh louder than it should
175990466,"I'm so sorry for your loss, that's terrible"
175990467,"Hello biblepoint, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about GAD. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Search: GAD Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with GAD. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175990468,"Hello. I am an 18-year-old male that lives in California. Recently, the COVID-19 stay at home order for the state just got extended again until the end of May. My mental health was fine and I was content with where I was in life. Then all of a sudden my mind seems to never stop running. I am always thinking about negative things or I just simply overthink too much. When I wake up in the morning I'm fine. I look for my grandma every morning because I love her a lot and her company to me is amazing. But then as the day goes on, that energy fades away and causes me to go from a good day to a bad day faster than you can think. I feel myself becoming sadder and sadder every day. On top of this, my social anxiety came back and this time it is a little worse than it was before. I have no idea what to do to not feel this way anymore. It drains me so much. I am scared that it is only going to get worse."
175990469,Now I want Brownies! At least I have fudge at home! That will do!
175990470,Don’t do it! It can mess up your sleep for days to come....just set like five alarms in the morning.....
175990471,I haven’t painted in more than a week. Was busy and now I’m sick ? I’ve been potatoing today ?
175990472,"I just idk man... Like, so much. I’m pretty sure my mom coming over put me in this funk. She’s so controlling. And now she said someone was in front of our place taking a picture. That’s scary too. I think it’s the complex tho, trying to eventually tell us that our raggedy chair needs to be taken off the porch. In order to keep the complex looking nice. Fck man. I wanna get away from here. So badly. We signed another lease here yesterday... She said “you just need to take it to the dumpster” I said “I can’t it’s not mine, it’s my fiancé’s...” and she said “you’re a few feet away from the dumpster... THROW IT AWAY...”. That’s not right. I can’t do that to peoples stuff. She’s such a _NAME_. She’s always been a _NAME_. And I’m just very frustrated with life in general. Depressed. I’ve been sleeping a lot."
175990473,"""Dialectical [sic] behavior therapy and meds are [sic[ the only answer for success."" This may well be so, but some of us simply need answers and understanding to help. Plus, it saves our own ""sanity""."
175990474,I just finished Orange Is The New Black. I've also been reading a lot of _NAME_ lately; he's hilarious.
175990475,"Watching _NAME_, such a good show"
175990476,Hi mate. Better for depression than anxiety......however we all different and your dr is ya best bet....unless a psychiatrist...better bet. Effexor is very stabilising....long shelf life before ir poops.... Done it twice!!! Two terms of office! Give it a go.. All trial and error. Keep HT
175990477,"_NAME_’s going to the hospital, his chest’s been hurting for a week. I’m worried af"
175990478,"Good good. Really, that's great."
175990479,"I feel like things are changing, and I hate change. I don't want to share my friend with anyone else. But it has happened, and now I will have to meet her next time she's in NYC."
175990480,"Frankly, im surprised I can get a buzz from 3 12oz beers still. I'm going to ask to cut the Remeron to 15mg also (its 30mgs now.) My mental health is as good as it's ever going to be now, unless they make some huge break throughs, which isn't going to happen im convinced. As long as I can write, that's all that matters to me."
174389127,I got put on clozapine for a while . It sedated ms so much that I couldn't wake up from sleeping to go pee...like I peed my bed. I wasn't on it long bc of the really heavy sedation
175990481,"Question: Does anyone know of a way I can share a file (PDF of my story) online to anyone, to the public? I can't believe after all these years this still seem to be a problem. I'd put it on my blog but a 36 page story is ridiculous to post there. I prefer to release it as a PDF that's unchangeable. Maybe drop box will allow me to... hm... Thoughts and ideas? I already have Onedrive from MS, but when I press share it gives me options such as Skype Email and OneNote."
175990482,"I realized I'm trying to do too much. Work, school, and volunteer. I just cut out one volunteer opportunity that I had been doing. It was just too hard."
175990483,Oh boy...my friend who is hemming my dress had “creative inspiration” and wants to play around with it. ?*?? I have no idea what I’m getting back ?. I hope she doesn’t go too short. It’s a kind of hoity toity wedding. I’m already stressing that it’s backless. Ugh. This is why we don’t go to fancy things. I’m a hike down back in the fields for a good time kind of girl...not a heels and matching purse kinda girl. Ya know? I don’t “do” my hair or makeup. I’m just...blah. I’m comfortable this way.
175990484,"Hey Rich, I also think you are handling a very stressful situation very well. I think we all show our stress in various ways...and your sister may just cling to anything she can control for a sense of comfort. That doesn't give her an excuse to be overbearing/bossy/abusive to you...but maybe might give some insight into why she is being extra challenging right now. You seem to me to be acting very gracious...and if this continues to work for you, that may go a long way in helping you to just get through this rough time. If however, you start to feel like you have had enough of her bossing, then letting her know how you feel in a calm and productive talk or note. Best wishes for the rest of the process! S.C."
175990485,Nice! Why is it a long weekend?
175990486,"I wish people were able to multitask. Like really multitask... I want to work, study, read, and crochet at the same time. Instead I sit at my computer barely able to get my work done because I keep thinking of things I want to do."
175990487,Mindfulness is helping me a lot. I talk to my doctor again in 2 weeks. Hopefully my mood stabilizes and stays that way.
175990488,"Although there is no way of knowing if you will get sick, I'm sure you will be fine. Your immune system isn't necessarily compromised because of your weight. _NAME_"
175990489,Yeah I’m trying _USER_ID_ K cups with some Starbucks syrups....
175990490,That’s how I feel now I feel like I need a tweak in my meds or a change since I’ve been on them now but about 4 years.
175990491,"I got my gamer mental health kit in the mail today. It has a coloring book, a little journal, this cool fidget toy, a sleep mask, some play doh , a nice pen, some colored pencils and a safety plan"
175990492,"I took the Rx, but no supplements yet."
175990493,"For lunch I had leftover lasagna, bread, peaches, and applesauce. I'm full now."
175990494,I don't think I could ever stop myself from going psychotic if I do... How possibly could I? It's absolutely impossible. But I'm not psychotic.. For some reason.. I just hope that I won't be in the next coming weeks..
175990495,"You all sleep in until the early hours of the morning! But yeah even after waking up at 7am yesterday morning, it took me 2 hours to fall asleep. Horrible horrible dreams. Woke up really irritable."
174389153,"Found another couple ones: Schizoaffective Disorder Treatment Living with Schizoaffective Disorder: Myths, Facts, and Prospects Living with Schizoaffective Disorder Living with Schizoaffective Disorder, Part 2 Living with Schizoaffective Disorder, Part 3"
175990496,Unless youve got outside access to your door I doubt you’ll get any trick or treaters I never have
175990497,Cuz I don't want to go back to how I was before psychedelics. They made me change.. But they are pushing me too hard.. Making me too hard on myself.. Psychedelics don't really love me
175990498,Spinach salad w/ raspberry vinaigrette and goat cheese crumbles and a peach yogurt
175990499,That's scary a little bit... Can you go to the doctor?
175990500,Would a muscle relaxer help?
175990501,"I feel pretty unsettled today. Not stable inside of myself. I feel like I need to SH more. But if I do then I have to contact my pastor's wife and I just asked her about it yesterday so I would feel more pathetic than I already am. I want to just SH and not tell the pastor about it or his wife and just pretend it didn't happen, but I'm a rule follower so I can't do that. I feel like I am spiraling and I don't know how to halt it. My arm hurts from where I SH-_NAME_ but I don't even care. I just want to SH more. I'm such a loser. _PERSON_"
175990502,I am starting an IOP next week. I obviously cannot handle what's been going on lately with my mood and stuff so I am doing this. I have an intake next Thursday.
175990503,"Had a really good at work. I came in nervous as hell and scared cuz I was late. Everyone talking and getting along helped. Then I went home for 3 hours and cried for 30 min about what my mom said. I called her on my break. I thought I was gonna cry at work but 10 min in, everyone was laughing and having a good time. And I had a blast talking to a client. And then I made a new employee friend. She gave me her number and wants me to be apart of a girlfriend group!!! So excited. She says they goto different places like pumpkin patches, restaurants, paintballing, shopping, etc. Said they went to a drag show 2 weeks ago. I'm so excited to have a group of girlfriends! Work always cheers me up!"
175990504,"Tomorrow's laundry day, also have to do some grocery shopping"
175990505,Strawberry shortcake swirl cupcakes.....
175990506,"Beyond exhausted this morning, mentally, physically, everything. Not able to do much yesterday. Maybe it will turn around today. I need some sort of divine interevention or something here..."
175990507,"Thank you _PERSON_, i have read that you are having many struggles lately. I do hope you get some much needed relief!!"
175990508,Egos with syrup. Hahahahaha oh man that’s the best!
175990509,Hello _PERSON_: I see this is your first post here on PC. Welcome to Psych Central. I'm sorry I cannot be of help with regard to your concern. I'm not a mental health professional myself. (Plus we here on PC cannot offer mental health diagnoses.) Hopefully though there may be other PC members who will have thoughts they can share with regard to your concerns. I hope you find PC to be of benefit.
175990510,"No, but I showered last night (had to be to work early today)."
175990511,"Omg like 70s here, so beautiful!"
175990512,welp I lost about 15 to 20 pounds here lately. So I weighed myself on the scale (it was one of the older type ones that's non digital)... it said I was like between either 180 - 190 pounds... well below my 200 pounds that I've been going steady on for about maybbe 3 to 4 years.
175990513,"3 cups of Irish breakfast tea, need the caffeine"
175990514,Happy New Years everyone. Stay strong!
175990515,It’s very pricey here at least 5 times drugstores shampoo. Did you get anything from Ulta? Are you looking for something specific?
175990516,"Brains are ****_NAME_ up, man."
175990517,"This is so cool, this 83 year old woman posts gaming videos on YouTube of Skyrim and stuff, it's awesome lol YouTube"
175990518,"I used to drink black tea, a couple cups a day. Realizing how much caffeine I was getting, I recently switched to decaf coffee, and I can tell a big difference (a bit calmer). What's your hot drink of choice? Coffee, decaf, tea, decaf tea...hot chocolate?"
175990519,"Hi _PERSON_ I’ve been dealing with my anxiety through exercise and honestly researching the cause of my anxiety. There are lots of resources online to try and figure out the cause of your anxiety but just a warning, some can also be triggering. I can only imagine how hard it is to go through losing a loved one but you have to take care of yourself physically and mentally. Meds can help such as CBD to calm you down but it only gets you through as long as they are active in your system. Find things that make you happy and keep friends around that also make you happy. Wish you the best of luck!"
175990520,Happy birthday
175990521,Everything is ok in the world. I'm gonna put on meditation music and go to sleep. I took my night meds. I'll try to wake up early. My mom finds out if her cancer has spread on the 10th of October. Then she's going to a place where she pays 25 dollars a day for a room 5 days a week for radiation and she'll drive back on the weekends. I'm trying to motivate myself to how I was last month but it's really hard. It's like I have bipolar or something.. I'm up for a while and then I'm down for a while... GN all <3
175990522,Not yet today.
175990523,“Radical Acceptance” by _NAME_
175990524,"Wow _NAME_, you have a busy week coming up! I hope you enjoy it. I am happy you volunteer. That is very kind. I have things to do, it is going to be cold this week. Only in the 40's for the highs. It has been cold and wet all day today. So I don't know how much I will get done out of the house. I hate going out in this kind of weather. It feels more like November than October. Dreary, wet days. Maybe November will be descent. Any how, Have a good day _NAME_ and _PERSON_! Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990525,"Thanks _NAME_ And HT, I appreciate it. Today I wanted to come in and say thanks for this advice. I really think that this thread gave me the push to go get treatment. For so long, I kept going to doctors and they just told me to take two weeks of ibuprofen, and I had gotten to the point where I believed that the only help I could get was from my own investigation. Lamotrigene was 100% *not* on my radar and been delightful over here. I’m don’t have that constant “grrrrrr” all day, or talking to myself about how It’s so unfair the (blah blah whatever). Again, the timing was absolutely perfect, so that quarantine has been a wonderful family experience (with respects to the hardship of others). The kids have been doing great. I’ve been sewing masks, and the house is clean, plus quarantine homeschool. I really didn’t understand that the irritability was a form of hypomania. Not sure how I missed that. Thank you for your intelligence, experience, willingness to share, and compassion. You ha
ve helped me, and my kids."
175990526,"Dexedrine, caffeine, nicotine... I try to wake up for work but it's hard.. Hope everyone has a good day =]"
175990527,Got the Ukulele for Dummies book from the library today
174389188,"Thanks, yeah, it correlates with a med change, I switched from abilify to vraylar and from Paxil over to Zoloft, on top of my other meds."
175990528,Quaker Chewy Peanut butter chocolate chip granola bar
175990529,"Metromom303, I continue to stand by the words, ""It is easy to be happy!"" Personally, I could name 10 different & powerful reasons presently in my life which others would end their life over when faced with just any one of these. There is nothing unique about me. It is easy to be happy. It is much, much more difficult and taxing to be sad all of the time. Happiness does not need to be set at a high volume to begin to grow in a person. Naturally a person would be devastated over a loved one dying. And money can be a true difficulty in a person's life. Health can bring all sorts of challenges and fears. A dark past can be extremely haunting... However, in view of these types of life problems, I still say it is easy to be happy. A happiness can come out of the sounds of the ocean, a bird taking flight, a shared smile with a stranger in passing. Stronger still, is what dwells within you. How YOU are in command of you! Try to take a lighter look at the things in your life which upsets you. So, you didn
't get the mate you wanted...plenty of more people in the world. So WHAT!! Why live a sorrowful life when there is an overwhelming amount of things to be happy for. The key is to recognize that this will be your one and only life provided to you. It is a choice. Will you live your life lost in the wells of depression? Or will you decide all of what lays before you in the manner of problems and hurts can never be worth your happiness. Decades can roll by as one remains in a very, heavy and darkened depressed state. And what pray tell, is the reward? I believe if one can accept, where they have been, what they have done, how they may have let themselves down and on and on...and then simply realize these are all traps. Why live inside of a trap when you can change your mind of how you have graded yourself? How others have graded you? How you think your neighbor may be grading you as a person. My goodness, who can withstand that kind of endless pressure and remain happy? So things are the way they are...okay then
. Then what? Just hand your happiness off at that point for a very long time or worse still, for good? No! Enjoy yourself and who you are! Celebrate that you have been granted this grand experience called life. Chuckle at the mistakes you have made, ease the tension within your heart. Be grateful that you are you. Not one person on this earth can be YOU!! Savor that fact. Just to add this, I had known strong hatred for myself, I had had strong regrets in my life, I lived through great shames in my life, I had my young mind twisted by another who had abused me, I lived with depression for a very, very long period in my life. To go on, in March of 2020 my husband had a liver-transplant due to cirrhosis of the liver which I cannot begin to tell you the horrors that came along with that illness. In mid-December of 2020 I was diagnosed with an aggressive and invasive form of breast cancer. Life is life and it IS a choice in how we decide if we are going to be on our own side or not! I am reminded of how others hav
e been more upset with my diagnosis than I am. Why is that? It is because it is another chapter in the book of my life and I chose how it is written concerning my own heart and mind. That is why. And if you are going to be on your own side then the self-criticisms must cease. We all make plenty of poor choices in life. Why brutalize yourself. Sorrows we need to put behind us. Regrets we need to forget. Celebrate what is at hand...a freedom of choice to live our lives in peace and in happiness...within ourselves. Rejoice that these choices are allowed us by our own doing. It is that easy to be happy. _PERSON_"
175990530,"Thanks all for the responses. The shakes and anxiety really stink. Friday night I only took 10 mg of lex, and my saltiness and anxiety were better. I was exhausted though from not sleeping well. Last night I took 15 mg, and shakes and anxiety are bad again. Anybody know how long it will take to get the higher dose of 20mg out of my system. I didn't have the shakiness and this bad anxiety at 15."
175990531,"Zoom isn’t working so I haven’t been able to get on orientation for uni for an hour and a half. No emails yet from anybody. I can’t tell you how many emails I have sent for business/job purposes. No word on my unemployment either. I’m broke. I’m sad, kinda. No one except my dad has called or texted to check on me. My mom did once yesterday but it was only text and I hadn’t heard from her in almost 2 weeks. I’m sure that’s gonna continue. My friends don’t check on me. I’m tired. I haven’t slept, again. I’m stressed out. Anxiety all the time. I’m hungry. I’m so close to giving up."
175990532,Snap me. I can help you.
175990533,That's crazy. I learned touch typing by 15 or 16. I just mimicked people in movies. I didnt even know what it was called. I just saw people typing really fast with both hands not looking. So I'd mimick them cuz I wanted to be cool at school.
175990534,I have been doing that but I fail. I'll try again by planning tomorrows things tonight thx
175990535,I went grocery shopping. Couldn’t find turkey burgers so I got some plant based burgers. I have no intentions of going vegetarian. I just thought it’d be nice to try out for a change once in awhile.
175990536,"yeah, I'm the same way. If I leave a game alone for too long, I just forget everything. I always restart if I've left a game alone for a few months. But oddly... I never delete the original save file."
175990537,Cool...how is the Xbox working out?
175990538,Make sure you don’t look at any bright screen when you wake up. Read something kind of dry and boring in actual paper format. Have a sleep routine like a fan or ocean noise that you use as a cue to fall asleep.
175990539,Um why would you even believe this man????? What makes you so different from others that they can read your mind???
174389210,"I moved in before they had furniture... 4 adults... my friend, his girlfriend, his cousin, and me. Then there's the 3 kids, 2 pitbulls, 3 bedroom townhouse. I checked out with the cleaning. It was me and my friends girlfriend cleaning the house. His girlfriend has been in and out of jobs pretty much. Her mental illness got the best of her like mine. All four of the adults have some sort of severe mental illness. 3 off us with PTSD and me with schizophrenia, my friend bipolar, his girlfriend with BPD and some sort of dissociative disorder that borders on the DID spectrum and my friends cousin has a mind of a teenager because of a head injury. So yeah"
175990540,No changes in lighting.
175990541,"Hope for your meds to kick in. When they kick in and you don't feel like doing it and the delusions are gone, then decide again whether you should do it or not."
175990542,"My therapist has recently started being emotional in my sessions ,as in crying and tearing up I feel like he is doing this now because he knows I am a hopeless case I've been working with him for 9 years ."
175990543,I don't think my friend would take my advice because I told her he probably needs rehab or something to get off of it and she said he can't because his son will be taken from his custody to his mother who like I said is neglectful. I don't think my friend realizes someone can't just ween themselves off of it like she says he is. She is also risking her kid getting taken from custody if they find out he's doing meth.
175990544,I feel super hungry and also like I’m going to throw up at the same time ?. It’s probably the Thorazine I just took that like 20 minutes ago
175990545,Type in “scanner apps”
175990546,Depends on how seasoned the pan is but in general I use nonstick for eggs anyway.
175990547,"For me they were associated with Psychosis but, if it’s only while falling asleep or waking up you’re probably ok. If your concerned though, please see a psychiatrist."
175990548,"Ok, I'll be looking forward to your reply."
175990549,"12am...I don’t know how to quote from the other roll call but I actually did start a roll call, but it’s on _PERSON_ ‘s blog lol."
175990550,All the dental rooms had these new air disinfectant purifying machines in them
175990551,The two things that I'm going to do tomorrow is learn about meditation and read something. _AT_MENTION_ - Yeah my sister is going to teach me how to drive one of these days I just need to learn the rules to the road. I already have my learners license.
175990552,The National - “I Am Easy To Find” (Album).
175990553,"Yes I did, I didn't want to but I did it anyway and feel better"
175990554,BTS - Heartbeat Turn on the subtitles
175990555,"Sometimes your family can have a very negative impact on you whether they mean to or not. Try to remember that you are in college for your own future, not their approval. It's your life. If you don't know what you want to do with your life at the moment, it will come to you. There's lots of time yet. I think we all grow up wanting our parent's approval when we are young, but eventually you will become your own person. It would be good for you to find someone you can trust and talk about your feelings. There are probably a lot of students that feel the same way you do, and also get pressure from their family. Could you talk to a college counselor ?"
175990556,"Unsatisfied (Live at _NAME_'s, Hoboken, NJ, 2/4/86) - YouTube Late eighties indie college radio."
175990557,ihad all types of anxiety-in spades!
175990558,"The only real medications for OCD are SSRI's and TCA's, both of which can cause mania. So you may be able to do therapy to help treat it, but medication might not be an option."
175990559,Groceries
175990560,Ran into a friend when I was out at breakfast today so we ate together. My other friend is coming over to hang out tomorrow
175990561,I’m so excited I got the evaluation of my previous courses to apply to my new university venture and I got 27 credits! That’s like 1/4 of the way there already! I need 120 credits to graduate. So happy. I was expecting like 9 so 27 is amazing.
175990562,Kind of mad about the Latuda being exorbitantly expensive. Oh well. I guess I'll figure something else out with the psychiatrist.
175990563,"Poignant. Nothing here was predictable, including your responses. Never mind Sales, America could use you in the State Department. Thank you for sharing."
175990564,"Life can be ****. A rapper said, ""Just think about it for a second, if you look at your face, Every day when you get up and think you'll never be great, You'll never be great, not because you're not, but the hate will always find a way to cut you up and murder your faith (woo!)"" And so it goes.. We're just brains.. With thoughts.. If we believe in enough of the same different emotion themed thoughts, we feel certain emotions in relation to them.. Then you have one strong emotional trigger that PROVES, EVERYTHING. Because that one thought is the explanation... We're AI's. Going mad is like a malfunctioning.. Everything you know about yourself and your surroundings is wrong.. Break from reality.. The mind tries to sort it all out and the belief systems.. What is real? What isn't real? Do you trust what you know is real or what isn't? Then you ask someone/people to confirm it because you don't trust yourself.. It's madness.. What if they're wrong? What if I believe them even though what they say is 
wrong? What if what they say is true and I don't believe them? All the problems. All the information that you know is all you know. What you don't know, it has to go through a filter of what you do know. A voice.. ""What was that?"".. Something coming from your subconscious.. But you don't believe that.. You believe it's from an external source.. Someone is interfering with your thoughts.. There's no proof. ""Technology is so advanced. How can it not be?"". And what you see with your eyes is harder to know. Unless you taken a hallucinogen. But even with hallucinogens, you forget that you taken it. We just need to find the simpler things in life when we're feeling overwhelmed.. Just meditate, take a walk, look at the _USER_ID_ or sunrise, connect with people. Because all those people don't have a clue what they're doing either. We're all in this together. There's real pieces of **** out there. They manipulate people that have a problem for person gain. They just want and want and want. They never give. Looking 
at the map of the world in your mind at America.. ""What bastards are controlling this and making these laws and secretly breaking them and causing crimes against humanity? Who's the top **** people or shadow government?"" Why is everyone so brainwashed?"". People see through the ******** once people push them off the edge. ""Enough is enough, I've gone mad""."
175990565,Find Your Anchor I know I posted this before but it might be beneficial to you right now.....
175990566,"Fiction, mainly. I also like writing essays and nonfiction pieces. I do think for now though that I'm going to stay in school for translation and just work extra hard on both things, writing and translation. Because I really enjoy translation as well. I know it's probably not evident that I like translation immediately, but I really do love languages. That's essentially why I like to write. Because of my love of languages. Anyway, I really do appreciate everyone's thoughtful replies."
175990567,I want to cut down on the amount of meds I'm on Maybe I can get off the Wellbutrin and perphenazine
175990568,"Yeah, maybe. Maybe tell roommate, too..."
175990569,Thanks for this. It's nice to have hope. The lamictal also took months so I guess it's par for the course then. Thanks _PERSON_. I'm surprised how I'm not experiencing any other side effects except sedation and fogginess.
175990570,"I signed up, went to do the tests, then the guy tore it up and wanted me to sign with him, so I went back to the recruiter and the marines their tried to intimidate me to go full time instead of reserves, then ordered me to do push-ups. He pinned me to a wall, and then put his arm to the right of me head, blocking me from the door, and continued to tell me to do full time. I ducked his arm and left. no regerts."
175990571,"My kitties Attached Images _NAME_ 3.jpg (216.7 KB, 4 views) _NAME_ 2.jpg (223.8 KB, 5 views)"
175990572,Updated Please think about the implications of what you post before posting rather than afterwards due to the fact that posts will not be edited and deleted.
175990573,"Actually, _AT_MENTION_ , maybe I could mail you some. I have a bunch of 60ml bottles if you don't mind blah flavors. They're very dark too, so they're not great for coil longevity. But let me know."
175990574,"Thank you so much for sharing your story with us _PERSON_. I think it is so important to never give up hope because there is always the possibility that things can get better. Things looked pretty bleak for me for about 10 years, but I sure am glad that I didn't give up back then."
175990575,I'm sick of everything. I'm exhausted. I want everything to end. Is that bad? I can't help it though.. I could swear my brain was releasing DMT last night because it was like I was watching an episode of Futurama through a portal from space into a building. I was taking olanzepine and keyed my moms car cuz she needs my money. I'm ****ing tormented. It doesn't stop. The trip doesn't stop. I want it to stop. I want it all to end. ^ That's nonsense right there. I just needed to let that all out. Hopefully I'll feel better later today.
175990576,"Hello everyone, So today has not gone according to plan at all. First of all I went to go pick up my prescription at my pharmacy and then my car died. Turned out it was the battery. I had to ask someone to come help me jump my car then I went and got a new battery. Also I think there maybe something wrong with my AC system in my home. Today where I live the temperature went up to 100 degrees F with a heat index probably at 102. I have the thermostat set at 75 during the day but today it seemed to hover at 76-77 degrees. Last month I had my HVAC system inspected thoroughly checked and inspected and there were no issues found. Maybe because it is so hot that it is having a hard time keeping up. It's always something when owning a house. Overall I have been feeling down lately the past few months. The last few weeks I have been taking naps out of sheer boredom. I can't til things get back to normal so I can do stuff I used to do like go to the movies or travel."
175990577,"Thank you! Yes, I would much rather never take it, but some days it's nice to have. I have tried taking half and it personally never helped me. Yes, I need to get back to meditating and exercising once my UC is under control. Both really helped me! Thanks again."
175990578,"While those are negative thoughts about the virus, can you think positive thoughts that you are not going to get the virus? Such as, I haven't gotten it yet."
175990579,I ran out of work to do and I have like an hour left of my day so I’m checking out this Digital Marketing Associate training thing they have on internal learning. Why not? Apparently can get a certification out of it.
175990580,I follow a mood disorders group on Facebook but I’m too scared to join the groups via video to chat.
175990581,"Well, you know best which meds are worth the initial anxiety. I hope it goes away soon and you feel much better."
175990582,"oh wow, that's awesome!"
175990583,Oh ok. Well hopefully I'll get some to try. It's against the rules but I haven't let that stop me before. I hope they don't have like only a vaping liquid because I won't try that.
175990584,Former severe migraine sufferer here. Discuss wirh neurologist. Yep the pitch black room i remember and if a pin dropped...err. Yes rhe auras are indicative of migraine. Had the nasty ergadryl back in the day...thankfully no more migraines or nasty etgadryl. HT
175990585,I'm starting to feel happier for no reason or because I wrote down my problems and feelings so it's ok.
175990586,short bread cookies and black unsweetened iced tea
175990587,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175990588,The cough has come back. I just got over this insane cold and it seems to be coming back again
175990589,I feel content right now. Everything is good - A little bad.. Like the veins on my hands.. Weird things like that in my reality wanting attention from me.. Just let it go... My mom taught me how to make chicken paprikash and rice.
175990590,"Just got a notice that the apartment complex is doing their summer BBQ on the 1st. Since we can’t gather, they gave us a menu to pick out what we want and return. They’ll bring the food to our doors."
175990591,Woke up and took vyvanse. Smoked a bit of sativa. Will take a weed gummy. Idk what to do today Probably I'll go into deep researching of American government conspiracies
175990592,Mood changes maybe abnormal or are they normal.
175990593,I’ve been watching movies instead of sleeping.
175990594,"Coffee, had some french fries earlier"
175990595,I get the urge not to take my meds. I feel that they're poison and the doctor is in on it to steal my thoughts.
175990596,Hi folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175990597,Thanks kitty!
174389232,"Please could you tell me if you personally have heard my thoughts. I know it must sound strange to ask, but if you have, I would really like to know. What sort of things have you heard? Thank you."
175990598,Not doing the greatest today but I just need to focus on things like writing or something like that. Just feeling out of sorts kind of. Like I have nothing to do that is productive.
175990599,"Yeah, I get that. I'm sorry you are going through that Desoxyn. But I think sleeping to escape is a lot better than some of the other stuff I could do. Like it's not great but it's not harmful either. HUGS. I hope you feel better soon. Hang in there."
175990600,noooooo no hospital.. Das bad.. I'll be fine lol
175990601,I want a switch so bad. I love animal crossing
175990602,Oatmeal with raisins and coffee
175990603,Sleep. New day manana.
175990604,"Yes, yes I did. And I washed my hair."
175990605,"So sorry, _PERSON_. Does the pdoc know? Hugs!!"
175990606,"I did, indeed."
175990607,"I didn't know if I had any land left to sell but I ended up having one plot left and I was thankfully able to get this cute little guy to move in Attached Images Newresident.jpg (40.6 KB, 5 views)"
175990608,I don’t feel good. I’m overheated and tired and I can’t think worth a crap. I think it’s the meds.
175990609,I don’t have any real advice....just wanted to say hugs.....
175990610,Yay! I’ve been on a hugeee workout kick for the first time in my life idk why!
175990611,A ****ing big spider was on my purse while I’m sitting here in the waiting room it scared the **** out of me Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990612,I like ur brain _PERSON_
175990613,Doing an orange theme on Instagram. A good excuse to revisit my old photos in the quarantine......
175990614,"I was there for a bit but something just... had a stink on it. I can't describe exactly what I mean by that. I know people who practically live on Reddit, but it just wasn't for me."
175990615,"Some of my books, have a lot more elsewhere, really need to get a bookshelf Attached Images FSCN1537.jpg (222.2 KB, 12 views)"
175990616,Just found my old account
175990617,I was watching _NAME_ Hills Chihuahua earlier. Had to pause though because my friend started texting me and it messed up my focus so I'll probably finish the movie tomorrow
175990618,Have to come up with a proposal for my MA thesis.
175990619,I hope my pdoc doesn’t mess with my meds again next week. Like please don’t mess up my meds again.
175990620,@ Atypical Disaster Me and my little sister when I was an INTP lol..
175990621,I'm gonna use this writing program I have that literally blocks the use of your computer until you have reached a certain time limit or number of words. It's such a great invention.
175990622,Y’all pray for me. I ate dairy. I’m lactose intolerant. AND I’m on my period AND I got my second covid shot today I feel like crapppppp
175990623,18 hot wings from kfc lol
174389333,"I am now taking Vraylar and my other meds (Remeron and Effexor and Klonopin). I cannot stand being on Zyprexa anymore. It makes my mind so foggy and stuff. And the Abilify, too. I stopped the Abilify and Zyprexa. They just seem superfluous."
175990624,Found this at walmart for a $1.24. It was in the water aisle.
175990625,looking back on yesterday...really bad disorganized speech
175990626,_AT_MENTION_ Robot Check this is the one that I got. They have many styles though.
175990627,"Hello, Thank you for your post. To submit your photo to the Inspired by You photo contest, please click the link below to go to this week's contest post. Week Two of the Inspired by You contest begins now! Then click the blue ""Reply"" button below the post.In the space that opens, you can type a description or other message.Then, click the camera icon in the lower left-hand corner of the text box.A dialog box entitled, ""Add photos"" will open.Click ""My Inspire Photos"" or ""Upload New Photos"" and navigate to the photo in your Inspire account or on your device/computer.Click the filename and then click ""Open."" If you want to add a caption here, you can do so but it's not necessary, especially if you have captioned the photo in the Reply area.Then click ""Select Images.""When you are ready to post the photo to the discussion, click the ""Post"" button.Please reply to this message if you have any additional questions about entering the contest or otherwise navigating Inspire. We hope this helps. 
TeamInspire"
175990628,"I'm feeling better slumberkitty. I still feel anxiety about the situation, but my boyfriend is acting basically normal. I've accepted they might get together or I might be imagining it, either way I need to keep calm and wait for more information. Time tells the truth usually, so I just need to be patient. I honestly don't know what to do, except be mindful, wait, and cope with emotions."
175990629,"_AT_MENTION_-I think i relate. I find it almost impossible to say good morning, or unbearable to say fine thanks how are you? Its all the effort i can give to show up. Don't make me make useless small talk."
175990630,Aww
175990631,"Please do, im very curious!"
175990632,"me and the youngest last year. She came downstairs and apparently couldn't sleep. I fell asleep a little after she fell asleep with me on the chair. My friend (his kids) came downstairs and took pictures for ""blackmail"""
175990633,"Good point, but why don't they have a catagory? What would happen if they were given a catagory? Would it be considered sexism? What if it was considered sexism, so people decided to ask if catagorizing men as incels was sexism too? Then what if the feminists said it's ok because sexism against men is rare? ^ I've seen this feminist arguement to reprimand men who are anxious about false rape allegations. Also, could an incel make a good pet? think I need to stop talking and go to sleep"
175990634,Media control by _PERSON_
175990635,"Tomorrow is Friday so there's that. I bought a few books, one by _NAME_ King on how to write so I'm hoping to learn a few tips by a master. Another book is on Romanticism, it looks like the type o book i want, a very intellectual historical approach to romanticism. To be honest, I'm a bit jealous of it as I skip through it because I just don't have the time to devout such a broad survey of the topic because I have a **** job. I've been looking for a job and I still can't find a good one. All of these jobs pay very poorly. I don't know what to do."
175990636,Have you eaten today?
175990637,when I tried Vraylar medicaid covered it... Unless you're not on medicaid.
175990638,"Worried about gaining weight from a med increase. Guess being stable is more important right now, I'll just do the best I can with healthy eating and exercise"
175990639,I’m starting to feel tightness in my neck and shoulders. Ugh.
175990640,"The sad thing that I've noticed in my life which is clearly the case in yours as well is that people have a tendency to not actively prioritize the people around them and in a way forget when they are struggling unless they are showing outward signs of their distress. It is unbelievably frustrating and makes me want to scream because I feel like it proves how little the people around me care if they can write off my emotions and personal turmoil so easily. If the people around you aren't giving you the support you need then you need to make sure to find it somewhere else. Sadly we cannot force people to change their behavior, we can only choose to change who we allow to be in our life and make sure they're already the type to support us rather than hope they adopt that role. That doesn't mean to dump your friends and family, though, but I think seeking help on here is a good start and if you aren't already, maybe you should try talking to a professional as well."
175990641,I love you all for letting me go deep into my information realm to understand my mental illness and not judging me <3
175990642,My sons gf is driving. As far as I know she doesn’t drink or smoke pot. My worry is all about my son and the stupid decisions he’s made in the past. From what I’ve seen...he doesn’t know when to say when. He’s gotta go balls to the wall. He swears that is in the past. I’m praying that’s the truth. I made them both promise to call me if they need a ride at any time.
175990643,Y’all aren’t saying anything. I’m so scared what u think of me.
174389330,"My transition from lexapro to Prozac isn't going as well as I hoped. But it's only been four days. My psych thinks I should add abilify, but the side effects and withdrawal scare me to death. Any advice appreciated."
175990644,Yeah I was extremely pleased with mine compared to the junky ones I got from amazon.....
175990645,Irish breakfast tea
175990646,"My dad has gone mad. When I visit him in Mexico, we'll talk about the madness. I am an expert on madness. I learn from you guys."
175990647,"Yeah that’s true, the cake was so good lol"
175990648,I dont feel well. I posted in snap. But this apartment manager is harassing us.
175990649,Pumpkin spice ice cream sounds good right now
175990650,"We need a new Roll Call guys. SP, will you take this chance? Maybe the curse has overdue ?"
175990651,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175990652,Whose happiness should matter first? self or others?
175990653,Hi everyone. Today my jaw hurts. I imagine I was clenching my jaw or maybe grinding my teeth last night in my sleep. I also have exostosis which is painful today. Every dentist I've been to says it is not painful but that is b/s. It's not as painful as the jaw but there is definitely pain. Feels like my whole jaw and mouth is inflamed. I've been drinking lots of cool drinks to try to help it. If it is still hurting later I'll take some Ibuprofen.
175990654,Well it gives you a reason to go back to the library and ask about additional e resources.....
175990655,At least my ex and my friend _NAME_ has got my back. You should read _NAME_ comments... hilarity it is.
175990656,Who is the translator for _PERSON_?
175990657,"Hi _NAME_ I think it depends on what your triggers are/what emotions cause you to self-harm. I found this article and toward the end it lists a bunch of different things you could do instead to either calm yourself, express or feel emotions, or release tension. I hope it’s helpful and please keep reaching out. https://www.helpguide.org/articles/anxiety/cutting-and-self-harm.htm"
175990658,"Do not give up, _NAME_!!! Never!! Yes, it blows. It is super hard. But you are super kind and loving and super bright. Meds are improving markedly. _NAME_ docs are idiots. Why not let's find you a loving pdoc, amigo? Take charge of your life. Nothing changes if we do not ask for and receive meaningful help. Right? Action. You have a human right to adequate care. Hugs!!!"
175990659,That sounds cool
175990660,"I agree with _PERSON_, another doctor and maybe some therapy to help you. Don't ever give up. Know this isn't the end of the world or even close. I am sure it isn't cancer. Though I know that is the first thing we think. If you get another doctor, I would let them know your anxiety issues so they can do a thorough check and answer all of your questions. It is better to know things than wonder. I hope you feel better soon. Hang in there _PERSON_. And welcome to the anxiety and panic forum. We are here for you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990661,I'm not sleeping during the day so that's good
175990662,I just feel odd. Off. Crazy. Not like crisis but just uncomfortable. Meds - poison. Doctor - will be disappointed in me tomorrow. Family - wouldn’t understand if I told them. I know I’m very pro-meds but I just feel they’re poison. I don’t trust them. I just wish I could get drunk and forget this feeling.
175990663,"Hello Eciruam2020, You may want to ask your question in our Arthritis community. It is specifically for arthritis support and has over 22,000 members. You can read more by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/groups/arthritis/ We hope this helps! TeamInspire"
175990664,"I'm sorry - are there things you can do around where you live to meet people or anything like that. I usually try to find people with mutual interests as mine just so we have something we can actually talk about. I'm bad at making casual conversation though. Anyway, it's tough. I have been feeling quite lonely lately as well."
175990665,My understanding is you can have autism first and then develop sz but that autism is developmental so you would have it as a kid. I believe they got rid of aspergers in the dsm now anyway. That’s why I was asking cog how the label would help because basically the pdocs decided it didn’t.
175990666,"Molting is good! It's uncomfortable while it lasts but, once it's over, the baby will be more beautiful than ever, happier too. Back when I had my Macaw, she would even allow me to assist her in getting rid of stubborn feather casings near the end of her molt; it was a great bonding experience. Since you love birds, I'm sure you know a lot about them and the care they need, but there's a lot of information out there that could help ease your mind if you ever start feeling too discouraged by how your baby is doing. As for your cousin, she was inconsiderate and rude. One of the biggest obstacles I've faced with my own anxiety is understanding that the behavior of others is not always my concern. It's a brutally hard lesson to learn when your brain is constantly screaming at you that something is wrong, but try focusing on yourself and your thought process. Her actions negatively affected you, try asking yourself ""Why?"" or ""Will this matter a day from now? A week?"" Distract yourself by doing thing
s that make you happy. Maybe give your bird some treats and ease the stress both of you are going through right now. Most importantly, don't succumb to those thoughts of self-harm. Easier said than done, I know, but you can do this. If you need help, there are plenty of hotlines and forums like this one. If you're not ready to let your parents know you're struggling, you don't have to, but don't force yourself to go through this alone. You can get through this and, with time and effort, things will get better. I'm rooting for you."
175990667,"Did laundry, changed and watered the plants, made coffee and sitting at the porch enjoying sunlight. Going to take a shower then clean my house a bit."
175990668,"You are absolutely right about getting out and being around people. I actually physically feel a relaxation response when I talk to people. I am on several psychtropic drugs, but the one that is specific to anxiety is Klonopin. i take it daily. I tried weaning myself off a few months ago (don't want to take so many pills) and i had some severe panic attacks. So now I'm on it - 1.0 mg per day."
174389384,Imo correlation isn’t causation...but I will say that lupus is associated with psychosis...it’s autoimmune with rash so maybe. The or is an odds ratio but we typically use p value in my field so idk much.
175990669,"or ""-ing"" - yes, I am, lol Interesting, I'll have to find the other ones and compare as well. I just looked for an adult one, but only found vocal. ^ Do you know if there's one with video of her instead of just voice? There are a lot of people who question if she's safe to do this work. I wonder if she has to make herself more ""perfect"" than she is, in the public eye because of the scrutiny around her past behavior? My only concern is in knowing she and her work is influenced by her adoptive mother (_NAME_). Delusional or fanatical behavior. They thought re-enacting births was a way to repair attachment injuries. In that instance, the child was held down and was supposed to push herself through a bunch of blankets etc (as if through a birth canal). They decided that the child not being able to do it, was actually just unwillingness not realizing until the child died by suffocation. All attachment therapy through that organization is extremely invasive and disrespectful. _NAME_ adopted mother, _
NAME_, is connected to the organization and wrote a book called ""When Love Isn't Enough. I'm bothered her approach as well because it's moralizing the children and sympathizing with the caregivers as if the minors are supposed to have more maturity and ethics than an adult. At one point, I went to a foster care information session (I do not want kids, but I wanted to see if they'd allow non-foster parents to attend some of their training which might have included some good information). There are 3 levels of care - with level 3 being the highest risk. Obviously, I asked about level 3. The woman brushed it off as if the youth were too far gone and said ""Love isn't enough"" and tried to usher me back to the first level. I left, and soon after, got a support job with youth who are past level 3, so they can't even be in the normal foster care system. It was often really entertaining - though dealing with the sometimes never ending blow-ups was extremely draining. There are a lot of security measures in place fo
r both the workers and the youth. To me, the issue rests around the attitude the workers take. Unconditional positive regard is very important as far as I'm concerned. Reminds me of a saying ""The devil's best hiding place is in the church"" I've noticed you've said something like this a few times now; is there something about this train of thought (I agree completely, I'm just curious - not that it's my business)? I agree, but application of any type of treatment or interventions doesn't happen very often in real life. They're put in places like I worked until adults or placed (usually through corrections) into treatment centers that have a militant-control behaviorist approach. Where I worked, if someone ever tried to apply any of that woman's techniques or _NAME_ ""hold"" techniques, you'd be fired and possibly charged with child abuse. None of the extremes are any good. My main interest here is that people can't base it down to morality and write the kids off as ""bad seeds"" (cop-out) if it is biological 
/ developmental."
175990670,I think the last time I was this stressed was when my mom was dying
175990671,"Some people might say my life is in a rut But I'm quite happy with what I got People might say that I should strive for more But I'm so happy I can't see the point Something's happening here today A show of strength with your boys brigade And I'm so happy and you're so kind You want more money of course I don't mind To buy nuclear textbooks for atomic crimes And the public gets what the public wants But I want nothing this societys got I'm going underground Well the brass bands play and feet start to pound Going underground Well let the boys all sing and the boys all shout for tomorrow Some people might get some pleasure out of hate Me, I've enough already on my plate People might need some tension to relax Me, I'm too busy dodging between the flak What you see is what you get You've made your bed, you better lie in it You choose your leaders and place your trust As their lies wash you down and their promises rust You'll see kidney machines replaced by rockets and guns And the public wants what the 
public gets But I don't get what this society wants I'm going underground Well the brass bands play and feet start to pound Going underground So let the boys all sing and the boys all shout for tomorrow We talk and talk until my head explodes I turn on the news and my body froze The braying sheep on my TV screen Make this boy shout, make this boy scream! Going underground"
175990672,Getting kinda hyperriligious again. Gotta watch it.
175990673,"Avoidance - Avoidance is the practice of withdrawing from relationships with other people as a defensive measure to reduce the risk of rejection, accountability, criticism or exposure. Nope, this implies AvPD, which doesn't fit. Belittling, Condescending and Patronizing - Belittling, condescending & patronizing speech is a passive-aggressive approach to giving someone a verbal put-down while maintaining a facade of reasonableness or friendliness. Nope, if I put people down I intend for them to know I'm not being friendly, but most likely mocking. Chronic Broken Promises - Repeatedly making and then breaking commitments and promises is a common trait among people who suffer from personality disorders. Sure, but its not like I can help it, at the time I mean it unless lying, but then I can't be bothered to follow through. Circular Conversations - Circular Conversations are arguments which go on almost endlessly, repeating the same patterns with no real resolution. With myself maybe, but not other peo
ple from what I know. Cognitive Dissonance - Cognitive Dissonance is a psychological term for the discomfort that most people feel when they encounter information which contradicts their existing set of beliefs or values. People who suffer from personality disorders often experience cognitive dissonance when they are confronted with evidence that their actions have hurt others or have contradicted their stated morals. Nope. Confirmation Bias - Confirmation _PERSON_ is the tendency to pay more attention to things which reinforce your beliefs than to things which contradict them. Nope, not as implied anyway, it just gets boring reading so much that you disagree with, so why bother so much or equally to things you agree with or find interesting...I can read garbage if interesting, but boring...goodbye. ""Control-Me"" Syndrome - ""Control-Me"" Syndrome describes a tendency that some people have to foster relationships with people who have a controlling narcissistic, antisocial or ""acting-out"" nature. Erm, no. D
enial - Denial is the practice of believing or imagining that some painful or traumatic circumstance, event or memory does not exist or did not happen. No, but memory is deceptive for me and I was always fantasy inclined, so some images I don't know if really happened, but no denial involved. Dependency - Dependency is an inappropriate and chronic reliance by an adult individual on another individual for their health, subsistence, decision making or personal and emotional well-being. If I can get someone to pay my way e.g. rent, food, etc, by all means, but not relying on others to make decisions for me or for emotion well-being. Depression - When you feel sadder than you think you should, for longer than you think you should - but still can't seem to break out of it - that's depression. People who suffer from personality disorders are often also diagnosed with depression resulting from mistreatment at the hands of others, low self-worth and the results of their own poor choices. No. Dissociation- Dissociatio
n is a psychological term used to describe a mental departure from reality. Most certainly, but this is a complicated thing and the term is pretty varied, but I don't use it as trauma or stress avoidance, rather as daydreaming or it can just happen. Entitlement - Entitlement or a 'Sense of Entitlement' is an unrealistic, unmerited or inappropriate expectation of favorable living conditions and favorable treatment at the hands of others. No, I'll take whatever I can get and maybe make demands, but I don't see self as entitled to anything, but take a chance at easily getting things/what you want by presenting entitlement, but I don't actually feel entitled. Escape To Fantasy - Escape to Fantasy is sometimes practiced by people who present a facade to friends, partners and family members. Their true identity and feelings are commonly expressed privately in an alternate fantasy world. Fantasy inclined sure, but I use it for more reasons than said here, and not sure I present a facade (unless intentionally to get 
something), I just don't reveal self as much. Feelings of Emptiness - Some personality disordered individuals experience a chronic and acute sense of nothingness or emptiness, so that their own existence has little worth or significance outside of the context of strong physical sensations and relationships with others. Feelings of emptiness sure, but the description is way off and if anything I fill self up with love of art and escaping to fantasy, not that I see either as intending to fill emptiness, which is just a recurring thought that pops in now and them, rather than constant state. Hoarding - Hoarding is the practice of accumulating items to an extent that it becomes detrimental to quality of lifestyle, comfort, security or hygiene. Kind of, but no guarantee I will eternally hold onto things, I've horded things for years and then just got rid of when no longer saw any use or purpose e.g. my old men's magazines I used as masturbatory aids as a kid, pretty sure I kept them in bags till 25 when I just dec
ided upon seeing to throw away. Identity Disturbance - Identity disturbance is a psychological term used to describe a distorted or inconsistent self-view. Hmmmm, nah. Imposed Isolation - Isolation from friends, family and supportive communities is common among victims of abuse. Isolation is sometimes caused by an abusive person who does not want their victim to have close relationships with others who may challenge their behavior. Often, isolation is self-imposed by abuse victims, who out of a sense of shame or guilt, fear the judgment of others. So this is what I make other people do? I force isolation on them not me? If the former nope. Invalidation - Invalidation is the creation or promotion of an environment which encourages an individual to believe that their thoughts, beliefs, values or physical presence are inferior, flawed, problematic or worthless. Sounds like too much work and effort when you could just ignore a person, or just mock them straight up and be done with it. Lack of Conscience - Individ
uals who suffer from personality disorders are often preoccupied with their own agendas, sometimes to the exclusion of the needs and concerns of others. This is sometimes interpreted by others as a lack of moral conscience. I prefer deficient conscience, rather than a lack...and I see nothing wrong with being preoccupied with own agenda, I'm the most important person to me. Low Self-Esteem - Low Self-Esteem is the common term used to describe a group of negatively-distorted self-views which are inconsistent with reality. Nope. Masking - Masking describes the practice of covering up one's own natural outward appearance, mannerisms and speech in dramatic and inconsistent ways depending on the situation. hmmmm sort of, but also not really, I have to really care to do this but point is I can and will if need be. Neglect - Neglect is a passive form of abuse in which the physical or emotional needs of a dependent are disregarded or ignored by the person responsible for them. Sure, but can't always help this without 
harming myself in some way and I come first. ""Not My Fault"" Syndrome - ""Not My Fault"" Syndrome is the practice of avoiding personal responsibility for one's own words and actions. lol you got me, but this is kinda random, and if caught out with evidence, I won't continue to skirt responsibility but won't care about being caught out. Objectification - Objectification is the practice of treating a person or a group of people like an object. Sure, but not anyone I would say I genuinely have any care for. Pathological Lying - Pathological lying is persistent deception to serve one's own interests with little or no regard to the needs and concerns of others. A pathological liar is a person who habitually lies to serve their own needs. Dislike term ""pathological"" but sure, but while I do lie to serve own interests, I also lie for seemingly no reason, other than maybe to maintain a distance and not risk developing some connection or revealing aspects of self. Projection - Projection is the act of attributing o
ne's own feelings or traits onto another person and imagining or believing that the other person has those same feelings or traits. Nope. Selective Memory and Selective Amnesia - Selective Memory and Selective Amnesia is the use of memory, or a lack of memory, which is selective to the point of reinforcing a bias, belief or desired outcome. No, I don't think so. Selective Competence - Selective Competence is the practice of demonstrating different levels of intelligence, resourcefulness, strength or competence depending on the situation or environment. lol yes, helps get out of things. Stunted Emotional Growth - Stunted Emotional Growth is a difficulty, reluctance or inability to learn from mistakes, work on self-improvement or develop more effective coping strategies. Kinda true, but I relate this more to avolition and lack of motivation. Tunnel Vision - Tunnel Vision is the habit or tendency to only see or focus on a single priority while neglecting or ignoring other important priorities. Nope."
175990674,See I'm too honest with people. I opened up last night to that specific cousins ex wife and she was nice about it. She said hes been talking about me and my issues but she wanted to give me a chance and not just believe what he said about me. They are divorced now. Hes always been a bit of an ***** to me. I deleted him last night off my fb.
175990675,I'm sorry SP.. You're in a really tough position.. I hope the worst doesn't happen.. My mom is immune compromised too and over 55. My dad is 60 and already has some lung virus that he brought back from Mexico.. He infected my sister and she had a high fever a few days ago. Surely it couldn't be the coronavirus..
175990676,"All better. Not sure what it was I had exactly, but it was weird. People are telling me it was just a cold. Let's look at the facts: I never get colds. I live in New York City in a Chinese neighborhood. If you look at a color-coded map indicating density of infection, my area is one of the hardest hit. I started feeling crummy a little over two weeks ago, which would mean I could have been infected as early as late March when I was still working and riding on packed trains and busses, as well as going to crowded supermarkets with people who still weren't wearing masks and keeping their distance. So yeah, it was most likely a cold."
175990677,"The pokeball plus is really cool, I have scorbunny in mine right now, bringing it with me tomorrow when I walk over a mile to my friends house"
175990678,Same....
175990679,"Hello, everyone. It's been a while since I've been on this forum, so I am just finding my way around again. I have just recently been invited to Team Inspire, for which I am grateful, I just hope I have something to contribute, so I am open to suggestions. My main focus is on mental health, primarily fighting _USER_ID_ and discrimination against people who are afflicted with mental illness. This weekend I am hoping to record a video about our experiences with the covid-19 virus, it hasn't affected me personally that much as I don't go out much anyway, but it has made an impact on our family with others in the house not working and being stuck at home. More to come later."
175990680,"I don't really want to go out to vape. The smell of cigarette smoke chokes me, and my lungs are so damaged. I'm daf."
175990681,"Thank you, _AT_MENTION_, for sharing this!! Thank goodness good people are appreciated & cared about in some places. I myself worked for a wonderful place like that & they still help me. I feel so blessed!! Thank you so much for sharing these thoughts of yours!! I have so much gratitude for my employer!!"
175990682,Have the fiancé video it for you then put it on snap....
175990683,"Slow day waiting for this package, but my anxiety is gone."
175990684,I always did super early but weekday evenings also seemed to work out....but we had five of each machine so....
175990685,"I got some relaxation and some course reading (chapter and a half making notes) done these past five days, now I gotta work two days, then the weekend again. I’m going to try to finish doing those chapter notes tomorrow after work, and then start the computer course. Work a little bit of each course at a time. Then I have to start reviewing at some point the material for my two exams I have at the end of the month. Wish I didn’t have to do them, honestly."
175990686,Vital and everything is fine. Yeah I’ll go to the doctor again. It’s stressing me out that I have to leave the house. I don’t feel safe.
175990687,I agree with the above
175990688,"I'm not a doctor so I can't tell you if your body moving slow is part of tardive dyskinesia but it sounds like a parkinsonism thing to me. What did your doctor say when you asked him/her? What did they say about weaning off the medications, if that would help? My advice would be to ask the psychiatrist. Hope you feel better soon. _PERSON_"
175990689,"My mom bought me a magazine to read on mental health - As I was looking at one of the pages, there was a section on psychedelics with pictures of psilocybin mushrooms. I showed my mom and she said ""Noooo"" I thought that was pretty funny."
175990690,Got a headache
175990691,"Hard to know, as he was continuously stoned. Drugs affect personality and I am surprised professionals make diagnoses without considering this. If I was diagnosed now (being on escitalopram ), the flat effect is very pronounced and I would present as schizoid. When I was on an snri, I seemed more bi-polar. Without either I am a depressive/ cyclo-thymic. During phases of weed smoking I can be creative, therefore a schizoid diagnosis is not so applicable. Sschizotypal would be more relevant. I have problems saying no to social get-togethers that seem to be a must eg. xmas work party. There is only 4 of us so saying no is difficult. I manage to leave early but putting in an appearance is a must. However, last week I _NAME_ the line at Bingo Loco. No f'ucking way. I would rather gouge both eyes out with a blunt stick."
175990692,"I don't have florid psychosis Like, extreme delusions I have paranoia, delusions of grandeur, prone to risky behavior, seeing meaning everywhere Type stuff But no thinking aliens or governments are coming for me I never really know when I'm stable Sometimes are just better than others"
175990693,I'm sorry - I'm starting to feel the same way with my depression. It's like my mood just won't go uphill no matter what.
175990694,"I feel so much better wearing a mask when I'm going places, not just because of safety but also because it makes me feel more confident since I feel like people can't see me, I'm more invisible and that feels good because of my severe social anxiety"
175990695,"I'm not eating ramen for the rest of my life. I will eat anything else, before I eat ramen again. I also will not eat ramen at any restaurant. Idc idc idc idc idc. That's how bad I felt."
175990696,"I have two, a 15 pound one and the 20 pound one. I like the heavier one better, but it is hot in the summer."
175990697,Same here but with seroquel. drives me crazy
175990698,"My sister has an older cat that isn’t adjusting well to their dog, she said she would get her vaccinations updated and bring her over to live with me. So that’s something that should be happening within the next month. Maybe after that I can adopt one from the humane society so I have 2 again."
175990699,Looks like your link underneath the type box I gone. Did you delete it accidently or forget to pay for the domain?
175990700,"It's a really interesting book so far. I read for an hour.. Maybe I'll have a break, walk down town and listen to a podcast - Buy pop."
175990701,True. I mean I like chicken. But not beef so much and fish doesnt agree with me.
175990702,Hugs bpcyclist!
175990703,"Pastor T session went okay last night. I told him I might be having some paranoia or delusions only I wasn't sure. He wanted me to talk more about them but I didn't know if I should. So he asked me to tell regular T when I see her next which is supposed to be Saturday. I think she won't freak out as much if I am having paranoia and delusions. I'm not sure if I am. But other people seem to think so, so I might be."
175990704,"No I haven’t because I forget because it’s ingrained in me to take them in the morning. I don’t think I need this dose. Like I really don’t. The main reason we got on it and the Ativan was because the Coronavirus stuff and that I lost my job. It’s supposed to be temporary. Both the dose and the Ativan. I’m rarely hearing things now and no delusions. Also haven’t been depressed really in the past week or two. I’m ok with living with mild voices as long as I can wake up and function. I wasn’t really depressed on the low dose either. I’m on Zoloft. Currently the dose is making me so lethargic I haven’t been doing much of anything. And anything having to do with my blog takes sooo much effort. I take a lot of rests. I haven’t been cleaning or showering anymore. I’m starting to shower less and less, like once a week maybe. No cleaning whatsoever. The other dose of VRAYLAR had me at a good balance, as long as I’m keeping a routine. Having a job, cleaning, cooking, showering et
c. I’m not doing any of that cuz this dose. And it’s affecting everything in my life. I haven’t even been visiting my dad really because I choose to sleep over visiting him. Etc. other things. It’s affecting my relationship too. A lot."
175990705,"Today was a great day, I had a lot of fun. Everyone tried out the VR and was amazed!"
175990706,"There are two situations, in my view. There's the anxiety, which you're solving by taking the medicine. And that's great. That's terrific. Let us know how that's working. The 2nd part of the problem, it was with me, can be that perhaps we are unconsciously negative when it comes to solving problems by being told as children that we couldn't solve problems and/or were worthless. Or by our parents solving all of our problems for us and we never had any practice. Then we grow up and are smarter, but our unconscious may be still set on negative from childhood misinformation. So, the column on solving problems said that's best done by thinking positive going into a problem that we can solve it. By thinking positive before we go into a problem (I say, ""Think positive, think positive, think positive') we activate our unconscious to solve the problem. If the unconscious is set on negative, we can't see it so we don't know, it will follow our orders and trip us up. You don't have to change your personality
, just think positive for 5 or 10 seconds before going into the average problem. Then we can go back to being ourselves. Or, one problem at a time, and be positive about that problem. If this works for you, you might want to talk to your niece about that. Just as I'm trying to hand it down to you. Each one, teach one.Post Edited (_NAME_) : 12/2/2020 11:56:38 AM (GMT-7)"
175990707,I NEED HELP I DONT KNKW WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME MENTALLY BUT IM SAD THEN ANGRY AND FEEL CRAZY PLEASE SOMEONE HELL ME IM ONLY 14
175990708,Haldol and Hyacinths: A Bipolar Life by _NAME_
175990709,"One can feel old, or one can feel vital, but society has a difficult time defining what it means to age well. Since the largest share of healthcare expenditures goes to treating people over age 65, it’s easy to view old age from a medical perspective. But this does a great disservice to the elderly and their sense of self-worth. The medical model views old age in terms of physical health. Important factors that are considered when defining successful aging include the absence of disease and good mental and physical functioning. But one does not have to be disease free to define themselves as successful. In terms of physical health, 50% of all seniors believe they are aging successfully. By the medical model, only one-fifth are. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/08/what-does-it-mean-to-age-successfully/"
175990710,Nope. Not today
175990711,Got enough sleep 8.5 hours Wearing a clean shirt Had some cheerios Went to work Texted a friend
175990712,I feel slightly extravagant eating two bite cupcakes in the middle of a pandemic....I feel like I should be eating can food or something but that’s the kind of stuff that’s running low...the fresh food seems fine.
175990713,These are gorgeous SP!
175990714,"My T works Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday at one job. Then at the job site that I see her at she works Tuesday nights and all day Saturday. So she really only has Sunday off. She has most of Tuesday off but she still has slots for three or four clients on Tuesday. I kind of like Saturday appointments (mine is in the morning) or I like evening appointments but I'm usually busy on Tuesday nights so Saturdays it is. My former _PERSON_ saw me on a Saturday a few times but it wasn't her normal schedule. It was just if I was in crisis or something."
175990715,I feel anxious. Very anxious. Idk why.
175990716,"So I did some yoga this morning and I definitely feel better. My mind is still a bit groggy but my body is all woken up. I'll see if I can do some every morning from now on. I've jumped into the ""healthy lifestyles"" thread to give me some accountability here."
175990717,"_AT_MENTION_ I’m curious about psychedelic. From reddit : A psychonaut is a person who experiences intentionally induced altered states of consciousness and claims to use the experience to investigate his or her mind, and possibly address spiritual questions, through direct experience. Do you mind sharing what exactly psychedelic did to you and is this self-investigation the reason why people do it or does it also give you something else beside altering the state of consciousness?"
175990718,So I am officially a moron ....I ate a freaking everything bagel forgetting about the poppy seeds...should clear in 48 hours but still....I mean when I sat down to order stuff I said hey no poppy seeds....but promptly forgot....
175990719,"I'm craving cake and ice cream. I wish I had a _NAME_ and _NAME_ four pint (imaginary product holding 4 different flavors in one pint). I want Phish food, chocolate chip peanut butter, fudge brownie, and I'd have to see a menu to pick a 4th. I have some snacks, I'll eat some."
175990720,"Oh, cog, I am so sorry. My heart goes out to you..."
175990721,"_PERSON_ i loved that treat every social occasion like a first date analogy, true for me too. I do all of this, but i dont like it when i distance someone, dont talk to him even though we're part of the same group and then they become sensitive to fix the relationship, but for me it already ended entirely I guess im insensitive because people care alot about having a ""peaceful"" settings where they hang out alot, but _USER_ID_ to ghost part of the group and only talk to the people i like"
175990722,The romans always have British accents
174389452,Psychotic episode outside of mania for 2 weeks. Also possibly some of the other symptoms of schizophrenia like negative symptoms.
175990723,That’s really cool bb!!!
175990724,Yes I did.
175990725,"I ended up watching an older movie called ""Snatch"" There was a funny scene with some of the characters robbing a bank, some (boxing?) fights, gypsies, dogs and loan sharks and a diamond jewel I think they were trying to sell I only focused in on parts here and there, but it was good."
175990726,"I live in 3 states of mind. State #1 is my favorite because I am sleeping. State #2 is my 2nd favorite because at least I feel strong and this is my rage stage. This happens when someone had made me so angry that I sit and think and think till I rage out and start texting the person the most hateful things that I can think of. Which leaves my other state that I hate, and I swear that I cannot control it, it's like watching old yeller get shot right in front of me, I cry hysterically when I have a thought, when I see a picture of my kids when they were little, when I get my feelings hurt, pretty much everything that doesn't rage me out. Help!!"
175990727,I don’t feel good with this heat. Trying to hydrate. My anxiety over it is making it worse too.
175990728,"Hello _PERSON_: I'm very sorry that you have been going through this. I can only imagine what severe Anxiety feels like. I do recall the times that I was on a higher Prednisone dosage and my _PERSON_ was working the late shift or away on a business trip. I used to check the door locks about 50 times each, in the evening. It was scary. Are you on anxiety meds? Have you changed them, if the first few meds didn't work? Are you seeing a therapist regularly? Does meditation not work? I really feel for you. You should be enjoying your young life. I am glad that you have your Grandparents to lean on when your Mom is working. Sorry that I cannot help you but I guarantee that there are thousands of young people in your exact position. There are probably groups on the net for you or maybe in your area. Ask your medical professionals. Take care Hon! Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 7/12/2019 3:30:24 PM (GMT-6)"
175990729,no not today
175990730,"I forgot my lithium this morning, oops. Just took it"
175990731,Monterrey bay wouldn’t let me take pics unfortunately. But there was a 9 year old talking to this dude omg. Dudes like “how old are you” and they kid said 9 and then the kid said “you don’t look old. You look like my dad” lmao and the guy laughed and switched seats in the movie theatre.
175990732,The CBD definitely feels like weed without the high which is what I need. I can DO things! I never noticed the effects before but I do now that I know what to look for - It took like 2 years of not taking it often.
175990733,Awesome ??
175990734,And at a college down the road. Basically it’s everywhere now.
175990735,Had vegetable soup earlier
175990736,Found this helpful: 10 Steps of Radical Acceptance | HopeWay
175990737,_PERSON_ Park - Numb
175990738,"I have a lot to be grateful for, reminding myself of that seems to help my depression a bit"
175990739,The problem is i was living and studying with this illness without diagnosis. I mean waht could be my study choices if i was healthy back then. Last thing i did before my diagnosis was electronics and software engeneering. Am confused wether i should just stick with what i did now that am healthier after the diagnosis or explore myself into other fields ?
174389464,"Weed doesn't make me feel deep, it just makes me laugh and shortens my train of thought, while alcohol can extend my train of thought, and that is why I take alcohol over weed. _NAME_ is pretty damn cool. I didn't know he had liver failure. I've seen a lot of cool thoughts of his here and there. I don't know much at scholasticism, but _AT_MENTION_ knows some I'm sure. My two area of expertise mostly comes from the Greeks and from the 17th century until the 19th century."
175990740,picked up 20mg lexapro
175990741,Hi Rich. That's great well done on getting out and achieving your goal and keep up with your walking I try and get out every day and find it really helpful. Thanks for sharing your success i always love these posts. _PERSON_
175990742,"I think for Halloween I'm going to have pizza, candy and a horror movie marathon"
175990743,Heyyy I feel fine. Clear headed.
175990744,Ready to get out of here. 2 more days.
175990745,Oh. So sorry. What helps? I watched tv when I had mine the other day. It sorta helped.
175990746,"I didn’t have breakfast this morning and was galavanting around with my mom in search of ideas for tiles. Around 1pm I started feeling shaky and dizzy because I hadn’t eaten lunch at that point either. We came home and I ate some food but still feel a little dizzy so I’m laying down on the couch. Side effects of not eating with meds, man. They’re real."
175990747,"The person in my life takes pictures of what she sees then shows them to me. Mostly it's colors and shapes come together and resemble something. However she object completely. Week later month later, everytime she sees those objects as real. Anything that resembles a face is a face. She has beings of all types around her all the time. One of the first things I noticed before knowing, she couldn't be startled. I've jumped out and shes just laughed, no surprise at all. I'm trying to figure what my girls up against. Can't get her to go to a doctor. Looking for help hrre."
175990748,People on reddit keep asking if I'm manic Probably cuz of the phenibut. I'm gonna stop for a while and just be horribly depressed for a few weeks.
175990749,"93.9 lite fm, it’s all Xmas right now"
175990750,Not a new movie but if you don't mind horror movies the scifi thriller Event Horizon is terrific.
175990751,"3 things I wanna do Apple is having their next keynote in VR for the first time. So gonna goto that on Monday. Then the Monterrey Bay aquarium in California is having their jellyfish cam on VR on Tuesday. Then Space X is gonna launch their rocket or whatever on VR. So doing that, too!"
175990752,I am extremely bored. Wanting to leave the country today. I wanna go back to where I was in Argentina.
175990753,I am a tortured soul I'm gonna sit in the car and read again. It's 11pm.
175990754,"Oh yeah, and Pride and Prejudice by _NAME_ ebook for my Kindle"
175990755,"Some people gain a sense of purpose, a sense of fulfillment through their relationships with others. Some gain fulfillment from acquiring things or status. Some from attaining goals or from serving others. Some from a job or passtime or activity. This relates to the ""do you care about anyone or anything"" thread. If, more days than not, you can say to yourself that you are glad to be alive and that life is worth living, what is it that brings you that sense? Does it give you a sense of anticipation or excitement for the future? If this above is not your experience, you can comment on that too."
175990756,"My roommate is at a tipping point. I wish I could give her some of my energy and take some of her emotions. She's at that point where she fears work. Terrible place to be. I get that way during June and July too. Its mainly depression but shes on 3 meds for it and there not working for her at all. I think part of it is existential, but when you fear work everyday, I was there, it's a hellish position. I don't know how to help her. :-/"
175990757,All of a sudden my anxiety is rising fast
175990758,"I'm glad it helped you , hope you can get a script for the med you need My legs are alright , they're not restless at all after not taking seroquel last night just can't sleep I took some Benadryl awhile ago idk maybe I'll get to sleep sometime"
175990759,Is _NAME_ the cat in Your avatar picture? She’s beautiful! My cat is lovey dovey for the vet yesterday and the vet was like she was loving and let them do what they had to do.
175990760,"Thank you, yeah, they’re very good at escaping, _NAME_ was always a slippery thing. Yes I could do that, maybe in a couple months from now when I’m more stable and over this depression I can see about getting a kitty from the humane society, I’m a cat person and it’s lonely without them."
175990761,"I feel cut off today. There's been a major explosion in a nearby city. Phone service is down, including 911. I was trying to talk to my vet about my cat. She's been crying today. And my half-sister is supposed to call today. I wanted to talk to my mom. I can't do that. And I'm worried that if I needed help with anything, I have no way to reach out. I'm going to ground myself. There's nothing I can do. I don't know how long the outage will last. I think the carrier's building was destroyed. That's scary to think about."
175990762,"If you're anxious, do you think an anti-anxiety medicine would help? You said you're taking Mirtazapine which I also take for depression, as a bipolar. But are you taking anything for anxiety?"
175990763,"Good Morning Grace ...welcome to Inspire! I understand your discomfort as I have had tinnitus for many years, and find it very troubling!! I too do not like silence as it allows the ringing to be much louder! I have music on...very low, most all of the time for that reason. I am sorry to say that I have found very little to help. Occasionally when it is really bad I will take a decongestant pill and that helps a lot...only if the greater volume is caused by some congestion. My ""normal sound"" seems to have changed a bit recently and now resembles birds chirping...at times, and that is a bit more pleasing than the sound of a jet engine ramping up. When the ringing is very loud I find myself wanting to sleep because that is the only escape. However.....we do learn to live with such things and enjoy life anyhow."
174389502,"It has occurred to me that at this present moment in time and as the title would suggest, being the best description of what I am experiencing right now. I know through my experience of participating within hearing voices support groups and of my involvement within a few volunteering roles that there are many who would resonate with this description (even though a bit _NAME_) I have attempted to break down all the consistent parts of analyzing the condition of Schizophrenia by way of personnel experiencing living alongside its many potholes and of the public spectacles displayed to a few of us, by way of street theatre, group gaslighting attempts, the reality of 'voices' in our sub-conscience or mind being like a malicious tormenting broadcast, dead set upon screwing us up, and the laughter of the 'voices' as they take pleasure within their assaults. I have even compared this experience to other more tangible things like revenge for hire, molka, cyber hazing, frapping, and workplace mobbing. As the
y all share the very simple characteristic aspect of torturing a singled out victim for the consumption of the baying mob. I have even spoken to a few private investigators with knowledge of electronic harassment and they explain the general dynamics of GSM or BAN systems, coupled with very real acts perpetrated by very real hateful, sly people, so with all this knowledge and observing the slow tidal turn around within mental health industry towards detrimental medications, welfare cuts and talk therapy, along with the growing TI movement out of the ashes of youtube groomer agent provocateurs, is still there as some of us redefine our life experience and 'voice' hearing experiences. Websites like RecoveryintheBin, Mad in the UK, Freedom for Targeted Individuals, and AskaPatient.com have contributed towards this newly emerging landscape of new views and service user shared experiences. I take some inspiration from _NAME_ plight and brick wall like stand against hidden abuses with the local communities were voi
ces were never acknowledged. It would be great to hear some view's with regards to how you feel about genuine targeting, organized harassment acts like baker acting, gaslighting, and the age of digital Zersetzung."
175990764,"I agree with JOMP. In certain situations, intuitiveness will only get you so far. It's like trying to see the back of your own head: you can use a hand mirror, but even then, the image won't be spot on because it's filtered by the angle of the mirror and limited by its size. The conditioning he mentioned is probably different for everyone and varies by degree, but I don't see how anyone can get a clear assessment of their behavior or how others see them purely by subjective exploration. Most of us are unconsciously protective of our emotions. We don't want to get hurt or taken advantage of, so we engage in our own personal, private confirmation bias."
175990765,Congrats on your new book!
175990766,Are you ok?
175990767,"SP, Newtus, you two okay? Haven't really seen posts from you two today. Hope everything is okay! HUGS Kit"
175990768,Ugh can’t move my appointment sooner. It’s a long weekend next week and he took a couple days off. So 22nd it is! If I feel in crisis is the only way I’ll see someone sooner lmao.
175990769,"The hike was really challenging. I wanted to turn around cuz I felt bad from only having 5 hours of sleep. I felt like I was going to have a panic attack so we stopped. I couldn't smile for pictures and was talking in monotone and looking at the same area and didn't look around. On the way there, it was easy physically but hard on my mind. On the way back, we walked faster so it was harder physically but easier on my mind. Endorphins must have kicked in at the end because I felt much better."
175990770,"Sad people can be uplifting. There is a certain comfort in their company, especially if they are consistent."
175990772,"Like I had thoughts about setting this house on fire and then realized that there's people living downstairs so I said ""other people"" meaning that I'd warn them so they leave before it burns Ah fack don't mind me sometimes I just want to be arrested and locked in a cold dark cell so I can have an excuse to lose my mind, have a mental breakdown and then feel better =/ Possible trigger: Or drive into a cold lake But I feel better now."
175990773,"I am very happy for you!!! I have trouble focusing on tv. I leave the room often. I am glad you were able to watch movies with hubby. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990774,The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History by _NAME_
174389525,Cheesy Rice Chicken Casserole 2 Chicken Breasts cooked (usually I boil them) 1 can cream of chicken soup 2 cups broccoli chopped up 1-1/3 cup water 3/4 cup uncooked long grain rice 1/2 cup shredded cheese Mix everything but the cheese together in baking dish. Put the cheese on top. Bake at 350 - 375 degrees for about 50 minutes.
175990775,"Is that the Vraylar? It took me a good while to get my insurance to approve it. And I've got to do the process over again next year ugh, at least that's how I think pre-authorization works."
175990776,"Just hang on, _AT_MENTION_. It's a temporary feeling and it will go away."
175990777,"I have had depression since at least high school, but I always hid it and kept it inside. I don't talk about my feelings or my emotions. I bottle everything up until something huge happens and i let it all out. My boyfriend of almost 3 years just left me almost 2 weeks ago now. We lived together for 2 years. We had gone through A LOT of shit together and got through it all, but it seems COVID was our undoing. He took everything and left. I feel so alone... even though I have my family and my best friend here for me... I feel alone. I depended on him more than he or I knew. I have been having extremely bad anxiety since it happened. I haven't been eating, I've lost 25 pounds in just 2 weeks. The depression is unbearable. I can't function, I'm lucky I get up to work. Nothing distracts me and I have no desire to do anything. I feel hopeless and helpless. I've always been against medication but I just started on Zoloft a little over a week ago. I don't know what to do anymore, and I'm just scared. Ther
e are too many unknowns. I don't know what I did to deserve to feel this way and to live like this... luckily for anyone who cares about me, I'm not a risk to myself even though I have extremely horrible thoughts about leaving this planet. I just want to fall asleep and not wake up. Life feels like torture and I am too tired to keep doing it... I just hope that something will help and I can get passed this. I'm struggling really badly, I just want to get through this..."
175990778,I do think maybe getting off the Abilify would be good though. Maybe that’s the issue.
175990779,"My _PERSON_ got a job at a grocery store, so when he gets ready for work he puts shorts on then takes off his shirt and gets in the carpool, when he arrives at the grocery store he takes off his shorts and is down to this underwear type thing then walks in to work haha"
175990781,Why?........
175990782,I thought you were considering quitting phenibut and kratom?
175990783,"Just means that I quit then reinstated, then quit then reinstated, then quit again."
175990784,"Yeah I think whenever I feel a ""palpitation"" (If that's what it really is - And not my chest muscles moving), I press certain parts of my chest in certain areas because I feel like I can control it by using the power of GOD and my MIND cuz of OCD or magical thinking.. I used to check my pulse 200-300 times a day but now I only check it 20-30 times a day. I put my finger in between my ribs or on my wrist and after a certain beat, I'm feel good enough to take my fingers off the pulse.... Sometimes it doesn't feel ""just right"" so I check it again (Even though I feel no palpitations - It's just how I feel about counting).. If I live shorter, it's worth having the Vyvanse for quality of life.. I've learned not to take extra anymore though.. When I lie down, I feel my heart beating less and less until it goes ""bloop"".. And I think to myself ""This is it.. This is how it ends""... But I have to rest my mind often. Sometimes I feel a pressure and keep having to sit up and lie back down over and over 
again until I fall asleep from exhaustion - But that's only if I don't take my meds properly. My childhood friend had open heart surgery. My mom is going to have to have it. My parents friend had a quadruple bypass. I don't think I have to worry about cholesterol though cuz I eat healthy.. It's just the rhythm... Beat beat beat.. That's all I want it to do.."
175990785,You should
175990786,I’m still working for a few more minutes. Then I was going probably crochet or lie down and watch tv. I just keep thinking about things. How can I trust myself to take these meds? Maybe I need to give them to someone to help me...
175990787,I slept for a few hours and woke up again. But I got an email I got my ethics exam marked. 86%! I’m really happy with that. Especially considering I was in a manic episode writing it haha. Going to try and go back to sleep.
175990788,"I do, it’s been good for me."
175990789,Listening to good podcasts this morning. Not much motivation for school... I think I need to wait until the new meds kick in...
175990790,"I'm picturing that, and it saddens me. All the best to you."
175990791,"All it seems to do is make me have to take a snooze for 1-2 hours. When I'm in that state, it's like my mind is in a 'recharging' state (Because it decreases cortisol - The stuff that naturally wakes people up in the morning 30 minutes to an hour after getting out of bed). I prefer to just 'think' and not read or do anything that requires any mental effort while on it. Reminds me of an opioid. I bought a metal tin of 'kratom extract 30g' because regular powder/capsules give me massive headaches - Not worth taking.. Although I first noticed a sense of mindfulness/peace/content - Much like high CBD weed but without the sense of my extra awareness being decreased. I wonder how it will compare with a new matured perspective. I'm not an opie person but if it can possibly help with schiz negative symptoms, I'm in. I'll try 1/4 of a teaspoon when I get it ^-;"
175990792,A dose of ketamine could last 2 weeks and allow you to quit alcohol. Just try it once - 600 dollars though? Screw that.. Get a good insurance.. My mom is drunk with her friends. She drinks a bottle of wine or more every night - Slightly elevated liver enzymes but I worry more about her heart and then her cancer. Sorry it's just so hot and I took a benzo with olanzepine I can't write anymore..
174389557,Yes it can. I had a dunbing down component. Horses for courses. It may be not a good fit for you. _PERSON_ with shrink. HT
174389552,"Ever since going on psychiatric medication(s) in 2000, I rarely even remember having dreams, which, to me, is a nice problem to have since that means less nightmares. I've been on Clozaril since 2011. That's the only medication I've been taking since going on it back in 2011. However, before going on Clozaril, I was on and off lots of other psych meds. Yet even then, the other psych meds stopped me from even remembering having dreams, even meds that didn't help me with my psychiatric issues. Post Edited (MainerMikeBrown) : 8/9/2019 1:43:40 PM (GMT-6)"
175990793,Avocado toast and a banana/mango/carrot smoothie
175990794,Got through 17 more pages of a book I'm reading. It's been hard to read lately. Also cleaned some
175990795,Me too
175990796,Lol that sounds like the name of a new daytime soap opera.
175990797,"My pill crusher was delivered today, now it will be easier to take some of my meds (the ones I have trouble taking) I'm ordering a Ninja Professional Blender tomorrow yay! As a matter of fact, I'm doing all my non food shopping online this month so I don't have to go into stores as much. (covid) Then all I have to do is 4ish grocery trips for the month for food."
175990798,Yeah I wondered if you went to hospital...sorry to hear you’re still struggling...
175990799,"Got early birthday flowers at work today!! Attached Images 15930267008912876_PHONE_NO_.jpg (297.9 KB, 8 views)"
175990800,"The longer this pandemic goes on the more glad I am I do all my studying online I wouldn’t want to go into a classroom. I mean I don’t have the option to go to an in person thing anyway what with working full time, but man."
175990801,Rum and whatever I can find to mix it with
174389555,"I haven't told him, but I am wondering if he knows. He does know I have ""depression"" which is sort of the truth because it's schizoaffective disorder depressed type. But I left out the schizoaffective part when I talked to him. I've told two other coworkers about schizoaffective and asked them not to tell anyone, but who knows. He might know. Adds to my paranoia. I'm like if you don't want anything why are you bothering me? 'Specially when it's break time and I'm trying to eat. Silly boss."
175990802,I feel euphoric this morning. I had a really good sleep.
175990803,I still feel like everyone's talking about me behind my back.
175990804,"My mother, a professional psychotherapist for 40 years, who dealt with many addiction patients and gender role/identity clients would likely reply to you something along the lines of: 'Oh you can most definitely overcome alcoholism without question.' I think she'd acknowledge that it's going to be tough, but your battle will ultimately succeed or fail depending on your own will to really stop, period. She would place this responsibility squarely on your shoulders and tell you that it's up to you. There is no in between. No halfway. No sort of trying. That you either really, truly want to and make the necessary changes accordingly or you don't and are choosing not to face a reality that you never honestly really wanted to quit to begin with in the first place. I truly believe that's what she would say, and there likely is truth to this notion. As for feeling sexy in women's clothes, I think she'd say something like ' Who says your urge to feel sexy is not normal? This in and of itself is not a disor
der. To the contrary, it's the norm. So who says what determines and how one feels sexy is normal? Society, right? Why, because you happen to be a man? Most everyone wants to feel more attractive in some way. Right? That is normal. So allowing society to dictate how you feel sexy in the privacy of your own home is perhaps not as abnormal or unhealthy as simply not being honest with someone you supposedly love and having so much shame about it. People have all kinds of proclivities that don't fit neatly into how society might appear to demand one to conform in some way or another. Maybe this was not ultimately why you lost this woman. Maybe it was just reactionary shock on her part because you weren't honest from the beginning throughout. And the alcoholism likely kept you at arm's length anyway. Maybe she's not done with you, but rather feeling hurt and betrayed. Maybe you should try and talk it out honestly with her about what it is you think about some light private cosplay makes up for what you feel has be
en lacking in your self-security of feeling sexy and discuss why you're compelled to hide it. Fear of non-acceptance likely being the prime motivation. And if she can't get over it, then maybe she really wasn't the love of your life that you thought she was.' End of session. I think my mother would say the alcoholism is by far and away your bigger issue and probably contributed to your fear of being upfront and honest about it with her and yourself by allowing fear and shame to overshadow the entirety of your whole self of you really are and what role both alcohol and the light private cosplay play in fulfilling certain weaknesses in your own self-perception. Now you don't know my mother, but I guarantee you she is pretty damn smart. Her son certainly is. Detox, quit drinking, and start being honest by accepting yourself and not deceiving one's you claim to love. Love is not love otherwise."
175990805,I didn't know that he was inspired by someone real. What was his name?
175990806,"I’ve been setting up alarms for two days now, it makes me feel more free to enjoy my self care time because I don’t have to remember that I need to do my business later, alarm will tell me."
175990807,"I too have bipolar disorder and can relate to how your feeling right now. This outbreak and it’s consequences, keeping us inside and isolated, is sooo hard. I’m right there with you about being jealous of people who can just get a routine down and do it. It feels like it should be so simple but it just isn’t for people like us. Hell, I can’t even keep a routine of brushing my teeth in the morning each day (gross but...it’s true). My mind wanders and I change plans, do what I want to do whether that’s doing a dumb task that will not help me in my quest to clean up my house, or staying in bed most of the day. Most of my friends are 3 hours ahead of me timezone wise so it’s hard to connect and I end up feeling very alone. I can feel my depression getting worse because one of my coping tools for it is getting out and/or being social. And we have to do this for another month?! That feels like an eternity and it’s worrying to me for my mental health. The one thing I’m doing that helps i
s just living by the mantra “one day at a time”, going by how I feel that day and not ignoring my thoughts/feelings but addressing them and doing the best I can. It might not be the recipe for a good routine every day like it seems like everyone else can do, but we’re not like everyone else - and that’s not a bad thing. Stay strong, we’ll be stronger for surviving this. Xo"
175990808,"OOh, I think I am going to go see my oldest nephew play football on Saturday night. He lives five hours from me but he is playing in a town that is maybe an hour and a half from me. My Dad asked me if I wanted to go. I was like, of course! But this is the team that my nephews team lost too last year, terribly so. So I hope they don't have a repeat of that game."
175990809,"Might watch Netflix. Not sure what to watch. Maybe ""Un-natural selection"". This morning I put my hands under hot water cuz they were cold and now I put them under cold water because they were too hot (_PERSON_)."
175990810,There’s a petition out for animal crossing to come out early since everybody is at home lmao. There’s only 4 days left til it does tho.
175990811,Morning. Bringing my husband for a neck shot this morning. Yuck! I don’t have much else going on. Maybe some shopping. Have to see how he’s feeling. Hope everyone has a good day!
175990812,Have you guys heard of this...goto your windows and clap every night at 8 pm......
175990813,"How and Why You Should Set Up a Side Character in ""Animal Crossing: New Horizons""! - LevelSkip - Video Games"
175990814,"I've been showering every night, and it has been helping me feel better"
175990815,I see a Clinical Social Worker once a week for therapy. It’s a half-hour appointment. I rarely see my psychiatrist.
175990816,Weight is symbolic.... the heaviness of life. Do what ever it takes to move into the lightness of life. Cleansing the mental body supports cleansing the physical body. Good for you to ask for support ??
175990817,"Colored today Attached Images 4A8FA8AB-9B3F-473B-84AA-9BFCE06BF039.jpg (283.1 KB, 9 views)"
175990818,Therapist said art and writing may be my calling since I’m getting all these offers from people.
175990819,Taking a walk downtown to the train station tomorrow. Then going grocery shopping Saturday. Next week I see my friend
175990820,I'm feeling more connected to my faith. I'm gonna watch Easter mass on Sunday
175990821,I put on my perfume. I almost forgot and then ran back to get it before I left for work this morning. I also sat in my dad's chair this morning while I woke up. It is comforting to me to sit in his chair (he wasn't up yet so he didn't know. And he wouldn't have cared.)
175990822,NF - Hate Myself NF - Hate Myself (Audio) - YouTube
175990823,It will lure the fishes I approve
175990824,Can you find another psychiatrist who is more open to change?
175990825,Clean sweatshirt Washed face Put on perfume Brushed teeth Put on Jewelry Had oatmeal and a banana for breakfast and a glass of milk.
175990826,Yes I did!
175990827,"Didn't realize it was your birthday Desoxyn, happy birthday!!!"
175990828,I’m sorry I hope he’s okay. I know over the years I’ve lost online friends. It’s awful that you can’t be close to them.
175990829,"Sorry you're struggling _PERSON_, you're not a loser"
175990830,"I have to admit something. I haven’t taken my meds the last few days. I’m not paranoid or delusional but I feel like I can do anything. What a mistake. Always take your meds, kids."
175990831,I feel sad cuz I want to go to a music festival Guess I'll just listen to festival music alone..
175990832,"I love avatar I watch unbreakable also I love watching my childhood shows or any show that makes me laugh I like watching shows like mixed-ish or fresh of the boat also if all else fails watch a kid show like seasme street or my little pony until you start feeling better, hope you find a great show to help!"
175990833,You must have a strong spirit to be able to stop self-medicating and find ways to feel better. It's easy to blame those around you for everything. It seems you are aware and can continue to reach out for support when you need to.
175990834,Just saw an ll bean sweater I loved...ombré blues....so pretty cost $119......omg! No way!
175990835,Hey yall. how's it going? I'm meh... I'm not sure when I'll get my injection again but IDK what I want to do anymore. maybe I'll just off myself.
175990836,"You say, ""Oh, and I do use those big headphones when using computer, and even when walking outside. It's always that type on my ears, most of time. can be the reason but still doesn't explain the sore lymph node."" I have hyperacusis, everything sounds too loud. So, I have worn over the head ear protectors until my ears hurt and I have to take them off. I have also worn bubble gum type in the ear plugs, and wearing them too long can cause a problem. Just wondering, why are you wearing over the head ear protection when you're on the computer and walking outside?"
175990837,Yesterday I WOKE UP with anxiety. I've never woken up with anxiety before. But it's not like that this morning. Today I feel calm. Yesterday was just a very trippy day. I blame having to wake up at 6-7am three days a week.
175990838,not sure I would trust myself in the shower today (not even with the chair) not with my level of pain..
175990839,I've been doing terrible sleep wise but otherwise I've been good except I forgot to eat lunch today.
175990840,"MMB, I am glad your Thanksgiving was good! So you have some unscheduled time now? Does that challenge you and cause a focus on your anxiety? Maybe you can take this time to start/finish a project that you have not had time for, and perhaps take this break to learn a new coping skill that you can put in your toolbox...we can never have enough of those! K., We got our little girl from the Humane Society, so we don't know her breed for sure. The intake shelter where she was originally from guessed part Australian Cattle Dog, because it's in an agricultural area where those dogs are popular, but we don't really know. No matter though, she is adorable...about 9 weeks old and full of crazy puppy shenanigans and cuddles...equal parts. S.C."
175990841,"Hi _NAME_. The current event(s) are driving me nuts like you and a zillion other folks. I think you're handling it better than you think. Just to exert the time and energy to send a note and share your feelings takes strength and resolve. So many of us feel like you do. Our life's circumstances are probably somewhat different and certainly we are different. It's painful for me; it's painful for us. I think you're doing a good job. Compliments to you, _NAME_"
175990842,Less than 3 hours! There's nothing to do without my headphones on so I will see if they'll work for 2 hours.
175990843,"Fxkn family, man. I’m tired. I’ve already decided I’m not going to my moms for Christmas and I’m not even crying about my mom right now. Damn."
175990844,We are still quarantined and it's making me crazy. I want my vape! This is making me sick.
175990845,I’m the same way; my anxiety is worst during down-time. But I don’t think the answer is to always be busy bc we all need down time.
175990846,Looking at crafts on Pinterest
175990847,"Yes, meds and supplements!"
175990848,"Hey, same. Sometimes I can't even make myself to go to the bathroom. It feels like it would be so hard, and what's the point. Why move at all? I could lay in the same position for hours. Sorry, don't know how to help. Just wanted to say, I feel you."
175990849,Doctor upped dose of Clozaril to 300mg today
175990850,"I finally got my new headphones working! I was missing the step where you press the Bluetooth button on the headphones. So I did that and a different name came up and my phone paired with them and things are almost ok now. Very worried my back will never get better. Tomorrow I'll be walking around, as much as I can, and getting in and out of Ubers. I hope it won't get worse."
175990851,I'm pissed and angry and want to cuss a certain someone out.
175990852,"I cant believe Christmas is next week. We all can forge through the cold cuz we know its Christmas time. But once new years is over, we all hate the cold with every ounce in our body."
175990853,I keep trying to limit my caffeine and failing at it. I always end up getting “just one cup of coffee” then that turns into 3 to 4 or sometimes more cups throughout the day. It’s too good. The reason I’m trying to limit is because of sleep issues and I want to take a break from it to reset my tolerance so when I do drink it again it’s more effective/intense _PERSON_ from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175990854,This room is awfully dark even in the sun. I really miss my prior room. The view was wonderful. I don't know what I'm going to do about getting the keys to my friend. We'll still be on lockdown next Friday.
175990855,"The comments reminded me! 1. Yes, it can actually be pretty boring lol. Lots of watching t.v. or reading. There were day activities and visits with doctors, case workers, etc. but mostly boring (especially on the weekends). 2. I was generally quiet and out of the way or stayed in my room (and it annoyed me when the nurses tried to get me to talk or smile lol...I was SO not in the mood most of the time). There could be some minor disruption if other patients were having a hard time or got violent. However, there was always some on staff to take care of that (admittedly I was on of those people...tried to break a door down with a chair. Yeah...I was having a rough time that stay.) But honestly, mostly boring. 3. There were a couple of times when I didn't want to be discharged. I wasn't ready to have to deal with the world again. I got care and support in the hospital. I could get away from the world for a little bit and that was incredibly healing. So, all to say that for me hospital stays really wer
en't that bad in and of themselves. I got the care I needed. I'm grateful that they were there in crisis."
175990856,I sleep horribly
175990857,I added you to my watch as well. I'm not active on deviant art. I may not that I have a friend who is active on it lol
174389654,"Given that schizoid personality is on the schizophrenia spectrum and weed increases the risk of developing schizophrenia, I was wondering how do schizoids here react when smoking marijuana. Personally speaking, I really don't tolerate it well. If there's an once of anxiety buried in me, pot will bring it into the open and make it bigger. Paranoia might become manifest too. I will even feel bad before smoking any of it. Fortunately, I don't take that $#%^ anymore."
175990858,"I woke up super early because I was expecting _PERSON_ to come between 8 and 10 to inspect but nobody has showed up yet, at least not to my apartment. Idk if they're in the building or not."
174389664,"With the Clozaril I've been on (since 2011), I get a good night's sleep practically every night. However, before 2011, when I was on other psychiatric pills, I couldn't read an interesting book within a couple of hours of bedtime because if I did, I often couldn't get any sleep (literally) that night. So I can relate, _NAME_."
175990859,Hell yea! Let’s get to it!
175990860,Either doc forgot about me or he’s running behind...
175990861,Hello everyone I live in _NAME_ and we are having another round of bad storms. Storms give me tremendous anxiety particularly they are severe here. So far I have no damage to my home but I do have water dripping down my chimney which means I will have to get a new chimney cap in all likely. I think the stress of being a homeowner is at the root of my storm anxiety. How I wish I lived somewhere where it didn’t rain or that I rented instead Does anyone have storm anxiety like this?
175990862,"I always order the same old flavor, plain dark chocolate ?"
175990863,Packing my things. Going to the city for my mom's last 4 days of radiation. She doesn't know her real prognosis for another 4 months. Could be good or bad.
175990864,Yeah me too!
175990865,"Hi maddixone, I hope it works well for you! Everyone is different. It didn’t work for me. I’m on Zoloft and buspar now with good results. As for the inhaler, albuterol is known for elevating your heart rate. I’ve been on it much longer than I’ve had anxiety issues and it’s always been a problem for me. It doesn’t cause me to panic but it does cause high heart rate, weakness, and chest discomfort. Might want to talk to your doc about other options."
175990866,"I think it is your ocd kicking in. The fact that it is making you feel physically ill. Or maybe that part is anxiety. I would definitely talk to someone, who knows how long you will have to stay there. I am glad you are respecting that it is his home and life. But you need to find a way to live or cope with it so it doesn't drive you crazy. There must be a coping method you could do to make it easier for yourself. I hope you get your own place soon. You will feel a lot better. Things will be easier. Oh and I am sorry you don't like foot ball. I like baseball. But I don't think that there are any games. There might be, but there would be no fans. I haven't checked. I wish you the best. Keep hanging in there. Talk to your therapist about ways to get through this difficult time. I am sure there will be some suggestions. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990868,"This is the first time I've ever used a mental health forum so sorry if I do something wrong, but I really am desperate for answers or help or anything. I have had extremely severe depression, self-harm issues, and suicidal tendencies with psychotic symptoms since a young age, when a trauma occurred. I've gone over the trauma in EMDR therapy and genuinely don't feel as distressed about it any more and I haven't felt sincerely depressed or suicidal in about half a year. However, lately I've been having episodes where I feel like I have too much energy for my body or it's too quiet in my head. I never used to like the quiet and constantly had headphones on because if it was quiet my mind would start messing with me. I recently went into one of these said episodes and used my excess energy to punch a fence until my fists bled. I can assure you I'm not a violent person and would never hurt a fly but I'm now realizing that what I was seeking out was the pain. The pain of self-harm was the only thing tha
t kept me grounded during majorly depressive or psychotic episodes and I fear that this is a warning sign. Things have been too quiet. Please, PLEASE, I'm begging someone to give me some advice because I can't trouble my parents any more, they've already worried so much about me and used so much time and money to assure I feel better. Thank you for reading, I appreciate it."
175990869,So I think I might've found my fault idk.
175990870,"Well to put it in simple terms, most of the information related to experiencing hearing voices,live streaming what appears to be self talk, and being rough shadowed via smartphone users, explaintions are all over the internet, ranging from a few good youtubers like _NAME_,Ella _PERSON_, there are accounts on Reddit, googling what you've encountered is a great resource, I've even self taught about modern misinfo, shame culture, modern hate groups aswell. There are a few FaceBook TI groups though I stay away from those but they are there for some, you can buy books about being tagged now aswell, there's one by _PERSON_ thats worth reading. So, I call this being out in the public domain ! Also have you ever consulted a PI about evidence gathering ?"
175990871,Those are good ones!
175990872,happens to me only in periods of high anxiety
175990873,"I was taking my trash out then got brought to the community room with a few other people because there was an active shooter here in the building. Swat team, task force, etc was here the past two hours trying to get him, he was off his meds and locked himself in his apartment , they shot at him when he shot at them then locked himself in so they didn’t know if he was still up with his gun or not so they were trying to figure out how to get him"
175990874,Ever felt alone in a room full of people?
175990875,I think your therapist is a keeper. That sounds like a really solid and doable plan...and one that will keep you in your comfort zone throughout the process. Great job on being open to it...and to continue pro-actively working your recovery plan! S.C.
175990876,Tomorrow
175990877,What is a British accent like? There's about 10 different accents per Borough in the UK. Anyway back on topic. I'll be watching Only Fools And Horses soon.
175990878,Yeah sometimes. I’m doing better with that lately though. I’m sorry you’re struggling. I hope you find some relief from the stress soon is there anything you can do to unwind/self care after work?
175990879,"Rich, You just helped me and you don't even know it. I was drinking 1/3 decaff and now I am drinking full caffeine. My anxiety has been higher. I drink coffee all day. I think I am going back to 1/3 decaff. Thank you for bringing that up. At the risk of repeating myself over and over. I find breathing exercises help during an anxiety attack. I am thinking about starting cbd oil. But I think I am going to change the coffee first. Have a good day all. And as always, _NAME_, nice thread topic. They say patience is a virtue. I believe it. I am pretty patient, but I think it is because I am pretty slow at times myself. Ha... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175990880,Better than last night I guess! I've missed you around here.
175990881,I mean yea I have stressors in life but not to where I feel this horrible. My family is all here I have everything a simple guy could ask for but yet I feel like crap . And if this symptom was to just disappear right now I would explode with happiness and be so grateful to get back to my life . I mean yea I’m stressed about it and it gives me anxiety because I’m so uncomfortable all the time but I strongly believe that anxiety is NOT the root cause of this . I’ve also read how these symptoms are quickly brushed off by doctors as it being anxiety. For instance I had a friend who went through the same thing . The poor girl was seeing psychiatrist for 3 months before she went back to the hospital and they had found a pulmonary embolism! Now I’m not saying that’s what’s going on here but these doctors now a days don’t put much effort in unless your literally dying in that chair in the office . This symptom comes off as silent but is a living hell that people just don’t understand and the 
medical field is poorly suited for . Yes In some cases it’s anxiety but I don’t respond to benzos and IT IS LITERALLY 24/7 . Nothing has lessened or taken the edge off of the discomfort... my aunt has anxiety/panic I’ve seen her start to hyperventilate and get all nutty with her breathing . She pops a couple lorazepam and is fine in 30 mins . THATS ANXIETY BASED shortness of breath (dyspnea) not a 24/7 9 month period of the same discomfort something is not right Post Edited (GarrettV91) : 5/7/2019 4:03:12 PM (GMT-6)
175990882,"I’ve been watching a tv channel on Pluto, with a train ride through the Norwegian countryside from the viewpoint of the front of the train, for 4 hours straight."
175990883,Yes. He doesn’t wear his. I do. But what scares me to is the office is right across from the dog park and the manager is mean and watches everyone. I really really hate it. It drives me to paranoia. Even when I leave with my car.
175990884,I should be studying and distracting myself but I'm here instead thinking and refreshing constantly.
175990885,"Sounds like my mom, she doesn't hear how she sounds either"
175990886,"I want the pain to end. It's been endless and there is wont be an end to it. It takes years to treat bpd in addition to the other diagnosis'. I'll be gone before I am my old self or any resemblance of my old self. My sons want their mom back. I won't make it before my illness takes me. To let my sons feel the joy of having their mom almost whole again, just to have to watch her suffer and die? What is more cruel? I think I'm going to go before they lose me twice. Plus I'm past ready to get the hell out of here!!!"
175990887,"Feel horrible, think I drank too much coffee and my anxiety is through the roof now, I hadn't had any for almost a week that's probably why, trying to just distract myself and keep breathing"
175990888,I am just using a focus timer app to get stuff done today. It works pretty well. I am on my long break now (25 minutes).
175990889,Hugs _AT_MENTION_
175990890,They sound amazing SP!
175990891,The demons are bad tonight
175990892,I’ve been hypomanic. Even my psych could tell. I’ve been real chatty with my friends but I also feel like they’re ignoring it or don’t care? My mother and sister haven’t said anything but I should say something. Just idk I feel FINE. Amazing even. Great! Let’s party.
175990893,"People keep lighting off fireworks here at 8:00 pm and it's making me angry... I wish they would get their clocks checked at least. It's like every single day that they do it, too. (I say the thing about the clocks in jest, because it's after 8:00 pm...)"
175990894,"Had some steak and chocolate milk. Weird combo, I know."
175990895,Feeling better. Gonna sleep. Close call.
175990896,What does VH stand for?
175990897,"Hello everyone, So this week I have been unusually stressed and anxious for some reason. I am having my shower fixtures replaced and upgraded tomorrow because they are quite old. For some reason this has triggered quite a bit of anxiety in me. The shower fixture has been losing water pressure over time and it is intolerable now. Every other plumbing fixture in the house is normal which means the problem is most likely the fixture itself. In spite of all that, my mind is drifting towards worst case catastrophic thinking like what if the problem is worse? IDK why this is triggering this much anxiety because otherwise it is normal week. I think any home repairs can be anxious for me even if they are fairly routine. Any advice or suggestions would be welcome!!"
175990898,Just found out an old pal of mine totally blew up his life due to cocaine and alcohol. Fell asleep in the operating room doing a case. Really nice work. Drugs are bad for people with mental illness.
175990899,"You should, Irish music is the best!"
175990900,"Personally I think life is God's gift but I am particularly religious so.....what works for me may not work for you. But everyday, just the blue skies, and the flowers that SP posts, and the variety of animal life, and the beautiful colors of the rainbows, things like smiles and friendships, and _PERSON_ paintings so beautiful you know. Yes there is lots of harshness in the world. Lots of crime. Lots of grime. Lots of heartache. Lots of mess. Lots of messed up stuff. But so much beauty too. Everyday. Just look up into the sky into the vastness of the universe. It's beautiful. It's pieced together so well. Each star, each scar, each light, each tear, each leaf, each scratch, it is all beautiful because it is real and it really matters."
175990901,Blah I’ll be going to my stepdads moms house sometime today maybe. My stepdads mom said not to bring my friend around because he smokes pot. Blah
175990902,A friend of mine was going to med school in the Caribbean and a hurricane destroyed the island....she had to move to the UK and then New York during peak covid to finish....if it’s your dream circumstances don’t make a difference.....you do it anyway....I think you need to find your dream. My recommendation is a book called designing your life.....it’s taught by a couple of Stanford profs who use elements of design to design your optimal career.
175990903,"Hey thanks I'm feeling a little better today. I actually finally did some things I really needed to do. Like turn in a letter to the apartment manager, sign some paperwork, mail out some other paperwork, go to Family Dollar. And then for fun I just watched _PERSON_. I have a phone appointment with my therapist tomorrow. I hope you're doing okay"
175990904,Let me know when u put your book out. I will promote it.
175990905,They probably don’t know what to say....if it’s about MI stuff I severely limit who I tell that stuff to.
175990906,"Yeah I wish I had my self care box here, but it’s an hour away and I can’t really drive myself there. I should paint something....that usually helps but I’m going to order something or do something for me today.....sometimes though you just really need to express what’s going on to people who care so thanks for reading and being there."
175990907,Absolutely! Keep posting if you find it helpful! S.C.
175990908,"_PERSON_ said... Hi I hope your appointment went well today? Keep us posted. _PERSON_ Hi! It went very well and felt great to FINALLY get there. We talked about the side effects, but we both agreed that the first thing to do would be get me back to normal, and then we can talk about what to use to reduce side effects. I'm going from 20mg to 40mg, and I'll see her again in a few weeks. =)"
175990909,Slept for part of the day
175990910,salmon
175990911,We just had a company meeting and I think I was hallucinating. I saw a man peering through the window at us but no one else reacted so I guess it was a hallucination....
175990912,If I keep my spending down and get my line of credit upped i should be debt free in about a year. Exciting.
175990913,"Great question SP. I'm the kind of person that is happy with what I have right now. Sometimes I am anticipating or looking forward to something, like right now I am looking forward to my birthday next month even though what I want to do (go to the Aquarium) maybe I won't be able to because of COVID 19. But I'm happy with how things are now and most of the time that is how I am. I don't look too much into the future. We aren't promised tomorrow. I like to do this thing where you try to be grateful for things in alphabetical order. It really helps me stay in the here and now and see how blessed I am. I try not to live in the past at all. The past is the past and it cannot be changed nor can it hurt me. I have a pretty good life. I have parents who love me, I have a job to go to. I have a car. I have enough money to pay my bills. I live with my parents who help me with stuff like cooking, cleaning, and laundry. I'd rather be content with what I have then always keep looking for something better."
175990914,"I just want to sleep and for today to be over ,"
175990915,I took my prescribed.
175990916,"Cool, I’ll check it out tomorrow when I have that gift card"
175990917,Harbour Street by _NAME_
175990918,"These ketamine clinics want to suck patients dry. A $300 consultation fee? What in the world am I paying a pdoc for if I need my pdoc prescription to go see another pdoc? And then I have to ask them the very uncomfortable question, ""Will it be okay if I only have the initial infusion and then do the nasal spray on my own in the safety of my own house?"" This isn't looking good."
175990919,Thank you i haven’t tried that before!
175990920,"Yeah if I could find a way to work there in the future or make money online I would. But also I'm too scared to do it alone. If I had money, it wouldn't be a problem."
175990921,^^^ all this has given me a brilliant idea on how to qualify for disability pension. Shouldn't be hard.
175990922,I don’t think so but u can on coursera
175990923,Thank you so much that means a lot :))
175990924,12 more posts...let’s do this!
175990925,"""_PERSON_ tells me about _PERSON_, the 19th century Swiss philosopher and writer whose posthumously-published journal is thought to include the first reference to depersonalization. “All is strange to me; I am, as it were, outside my own body and individuality; I am depersonalized, detached, cut adrift. Is this madness?,” he writes. But he answers his own question with a resounding “No”: “I have been able to look at things with the eyes of a blind man recently operated upon.” """
175990926,Alas. Been on the active development. Doing peer mental health work traininging...peer sessions and will begin sn employment pathways program in jan. Been involved in a garden plot...just dug up some greens and brrn involved in an art program. Made a windchime from a can and beer bottle tops. _PERSON_ would tip his lid...doing some tile mosiacs...started. Next week some walking laps at the pool. Thought some positives may be useful. Cheers. HT
175990927,O boi. And they called us mad lol ?
175990928,Oh man we are learning about databases this week....so hard. Maybe I’m not so technical as I thought.
175990929,Why do the audiobooks come separately from the book? I have to pay for both! My sister said that I can find it on youtube.. I forgot about that.. But ultimately I won't find the one I want cuz life just does that to me.
175990930,out the hospital... my kitty was like tryin to French kiss me and is now laying on my chest
175990931,"Chobani key lime yogurt, and a banana with some sprite on ice"
175990932,Deep down I'm just really pissed off at people not caring about me my whole life.
175990933,Of course! Those things slip my mind.. Breathe in... Breathe out..
175990934,"I am a 53 year old man and I have an addiction to alcohol among other things. I have never used drugs and never plan on it. I have lost the woman I love because of alcohol and currently I have a desire to want to wear women's clothes. I feel sexy when I am wearing a female's clothing. Today, the woman that I love, dropped by unplanned and caught me wearing a bra and a dress. When she saw me, she said that is it, I am done and that hurt me to the core. She had separated from me several month's ago for me to try and get my act together. I am a responsible person and have a steady job, but I have these urges that are not normal. I want to be the man she wants me to be and I want to be with her, but I keep doing things that keep destroying what we are trying to rebuild. Sometimes I feel there is no hope for me. I feel I have lost her forever, and I know without some major changes I have. I have tried AA with my drinking and I failed, this new urge I have is even beyond her. So I am asking if anyone has 
had something similar and can provide some assistance to my disorder."
175990935,He’s been on snap from time to time
175990936,"Tomorrow I'm sautéing some red and green bell peppers with onions and having them with a baked chicken breast and mashed potatoes. I've been cooking for myself more. It's hard, because it's in my nature to be lazy but I feel good once I do it"
175990937,"I’m trying to watch tv and I can’t focus on the program because the voices keep distracting me. My new medication is helping some, but not enough."
175990938,"I'm afraid to use the oven in my new apartment, I'm not used to the settings and I'm afraid I'll burn the building down"
175990939,Yeah and even food pantries can be good. I find that fruit that’s not in a can or cup like apples tend to taste soft and gross. I went to one while I was at my dads before he refused to go to the pantry and we were **** out of food for a few days. Yeah he eventually pond his precious tv to get McDonald’s from the dollar menu.
175990940,That’s scary. Seroquel gave me sleep paralysis before I fell asleep. That med was a nightmare to me.
175990941,I am going to start playing the Sims 4.
175990942,"Taking a break from the internet for awhile, will be back in a week or two"
175990943,I'm here
175990944,Thing with ohio it's not even past 60 degrees outside today yet we have the fan and ac on. lol the electric bill is outrageous.
175990945,4 pair of light weight streachy shorts for my grand daughter _NAME_.she is 1 yr old so they are cute little shorts.
175990946,Autistic psychosis!
175990947,Very nice!
175990948,I’ve been through three each lasting around two years....
175990949,"ritalin, adderall, psuedoephedrine. haven't had anything stronger than that. i'd never realized how much my head was this vortex of constant humming white noise of disorganized information until i tried stimulants and everything just... clicked into immediate organization and went quiet. i was surprised how smart i was. for example, ask me question right now and it'll sound vaguely familiar but i won't know the answer. ask me the question on meds and the answer falls from my mouth in an instant. the difference between my capabilities medicated and unmedicated is staggering and stark. but alas, i'm unmedicated. not even sure i want to be regularly medicated. i'm unsure how important processing power is to me regularly. not very, i suppose. though i should make a habit of grabbing some stimulants when it comes time to research or whatever i need to do."
175990950,"Been dealing with anxiety yesterday and woke up with it this morning. I'll do some mediating after I post here. DBT always helps. I've also been dealing with lots of delusional intrusions which are helping to create the anxiety. Definitely need to meditate. It's really nice to be back at the forums although I miss the ""old PsychCentral"" site. I also don't like they purged all the older posts which I have always searched on when I've been active here. There was so much great insight there. Every Wednesday I spend the evening with my family and today is no different. I always look forward to our time together and they are very supportive of me. After I post here, I'll do some mediation, take my shower and then practice my artwork until it's time to go to the folk's place. I'm really hoping for a nice day free from depression and anxiety and intrusions and will do what I can to see that this happens. Hang in there everybody! I hope we all have a good day. _PERSON_"
175990951,"Here it is and this is the matching deer mug I want to get https://www.walmart.com/ip/Mossy-Oak...-Mug/_PHONE_NO_ Attached Images Coffee (2).jpg (262.1 KB, 10 views)"
175990952,_PERSON_ Pepper
175990953,"Welp, clearly not going to sleep tonight, for some reason. Not sure what is going on. I do this sometimes. Just bipolar sleep stuff, I spose. I try not to freak about it and just make the best use of the time I have. I sleep when I sleep. Gonna ride the bike early, since I am up and since the sun comes up before 5 here this time of year. Maybe that will help my mood today. We shall see. Hope everyone has a great day."
175990954,Now I'm reading Sick Puppy but _NAME_. It's a comedy action thriller type of book. Very light.
175990955,"You can't smoke a lizard. Although, to be fair, I've never tried."
175990956,"I need more direction in life. I don't get how people are supposed to figure out what it is they're supposed to do on Earth. I suppose it's a hard, lifelong process, but still."
175990957,You're a good person though. I don't deserve kindness from people. I don't deserve to live.
175990958,"I need a lot of sleep or I can't function. I bet when I take the seroquel, I'll sleep. Seroquel saves me."
175990959,"Today, I took everything I'm supposed to take."
174389764,I like your soapbox
175990960,Maybe what it is the break through that needs to happen needs a little more work... usually the things that need to happen take a little time to work. So who knows there may be something that was either overlooked or not thought of.
175990961,"For Thanksgiving we are having Turkey breast, bavarian cream, yams, green bean casserole, rolls, olives, and pumpkin pie."
175990962,No experience here but make sure you ask the doc about diet restrictions and drug interactions. There may be a fair number of them. Hope it helps!
175990963,Read over 100 pages today
175990964,"I didn't sleep at all last night. This is terrible. Now I have to work a 10 hour shift without any sleep. fml. I feel like my roommate is creating a giant lie to justify why she wants to leave the place we live. I feel bad, because without me, she has nowhere to live, but to go to the lengths of the lie she went to are epic and certainly cray-cray. It's manipulative. I better cool my jets though. Part of this is because i've got no sleep."
175990965,did some reasearch and buspar was orginally developed as an antipsycotic drug but was ineffective as such. like many drugs it was repurposed for anxiety. its way safer than almost all antipsychotics drugs which have huge terriable side effects usually. abifily is a prime example of this. i was prescribed it and flat out refused to take it. more people should try buspar for anxiety. safe and non habit forming
174389776,Forgot to take my 100mg clozapine last night.... *****
175990966,"Hello Staying123, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, screening techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. I'm Looking For Mental Health Help For Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175990967,HUGS SP. Sorry. It sucks trying to find a therapist. What about better help or an online one? Can your insurance company help you find one?
175990968,"I'm exhausted I cant do all those things I say I'm gonna do.. I checked my blood pressure and its 130/80. After energy drinks, vyvanse, coffee, caffeine pills, theanine, kratom, skipping sleep so all's good. I told my doctor about lowering my injection and that my therapist doesnt want my psychiatrist to do it. He said to give it a try!"
175990969,Taking a break due to storms but at least I got the assessment done....now for discussion which is pretty light this week....
175990970,"It's better not to care, isn't it? Then you don't feel loss. It's definitely that way about work. If you care you could go nuts."
175990971,"Thanks! I think I see my pdoc soon. I notice it’s worse at night because I wake up and my jaw is clenched together. I can stand it. I keep sipping water and it does nothing. After I swallow the water, 2 seconds later my dry mouth is back. I only had this issue when I went up to 3mg of VRAYLAR. I might have to go back on 1.5mg and start taking my gabapentin once a day or more than what I need to keep my anxiety down. This is awful, IMO. In 1.5 I had virtually no symptoms. I think I may be gaining weight on 3mg too. I been eating bad but I’m back up 5 pounds. Anyway."
175990972,"Thanks, I'll look into that"
175990973,Yes! I took one this morning
175990974,"My life has been so chaotic lately that I've neglected this forum--my support net. Anyways, I have a date tomorrow with a sociology/criminology professor. so 3 professors have interacted with me so far... I'm surprised they don't find love in academia to be honest. That really baffles me. We have a lot in common... but when she finds out i'm a lowly painter Im sure that will be the final date--that tends to be the pattern by and large. I use to be self-conscious about my job, but i've gotten over that, i'm sick of beating around the bush. My boss won't let me off early tomorrow so I have to finish at 5pm, wash up, and get to Detroit, and sit down by 7pm--it's going to be difficult, I hope im not late I hope I can find parking somewhere near there, that's the only thing im nervous about... My memory has gotten much better, I'm able to listen to the wheel of time audiobooks now, so cool beans. So this will be my first date in almost 5 years."
175990975,Let me know how it is!
175990976,"mine never seem to far off , but yeah its like turning off the tv all the sudden silent. they always come back. sometimes i wonder what i would do without them too."
175990977,A banana and honey roasted peanuts
175990978,"I fell asleep for 4 hours as well, I ended up having to take my seroquel though because I started hallucinating and sleep wasn't happening with either benadryl or klonopin Glad you got some rest and feel better"
175990979,Had and still having a bit of anxiety and paranoia Idk what’s wrong
175990980,"I love all the cat groups I'm a member of on Facebook, seeing everyone's cats and cat memes makes me so happy"
175990981,Just got out of the hospital again... Feeling okay right now. Really anxious about possibly needing to go back. Last time I was only out for 3 days before I had to go back in.
175990982,"Also, I’m learning to accept myself at the weight I am. I’m 160 lbs, no matter how much I diet or exercise it always stays around that number. Normally, my natural set point is around 125 -130 lbs but considering the meds I’m on I think where I’m at is reasonable. I’m stable so it’s definitely worth it. And coming up on 1 year of _NAME_ recovery, I’m proud of that and don’t want to revert back to those ways."
175990983,Today I have taken Rx but no supplements so far. - And now it's later & have taken the supplements.
175990984,What is wrong with me. I had a like a 2lb burrito earlier today and now I’m hungry
175990985,"what's wrong with hydroponic? it's how i grow things, personally."
175990986,Discovery+!
175990987,Yes I did!
175990988,"Usually whenever I think about stopping seeing my therapist it's for one of two reasons, one is that I'm frustrated about something, in which case I need to talk to the therapist about that, or two, it's because I'm feeling good. Two doesn't happen that often. I guess just see if you can discuss it with your therapists what you're thinking right now and see what they think. Of course, it's your choice to do therapy."
175990989,"Well i may not be making the cake at least not this week. It’s going to be wintery mix on Sunday so I might not see the bf at all. At least we got to partially celebrate his bday last weekend. I was kinda excited about making it too, and it double sucks to miss a weekend with the bf. Maybe I’ll placate myself with a few break and bakes..."
175990990,ughh I want _PERSON_
175990991,99? Wow. Hope he's doing well! And thank you.
175990992,"Well I got caught up on quotes and was working on other stuff but now the program I use keeps freezing and other people are having trouble too so I’m just sitting here not doing anything. I had an email exchange with someone I work with and they were kind of condescending to me, and after a while had to admit I was right. I don’t think they like me. Anyway, I don’t really trust anyone I work with. Keep it friendly and professional, but I don’t trust them. I think some of them think I’m trying to outshine them or take their jobs. Pfft."
174389812,doctor changed me to abilify
175990993,"Good morning, I think it was 10 mg, then 25 mg and 50 the last months but this was like 5 years ago. I did tapered off slowly, like 3 weeks. I did not try another SSRI. Before Zoloft, I tried Lexapro and I did feel relaxed but gained like 50 lbs. I only take klonopin now as needed. I can go weeks without it and sometimes I will take it for a straight week. My max dose is 0.5 mg. I am trying different approaches to my anxiety. I went to a therapist and he was very helpful and I am trying to exercise almost every day to burn some energy and it is helping. Trying not to be too afraid of the physical symptoms."
175990994,"Yum! Tomorrow we're having lamb, and broccolini, and idk what else."
175990995,Ruby red grapefruit seltzer and a banana
175990996,"Thank you so much for taking the time out to respond to me , it means a lot sorry I’m just now getting back to you I will definitely keep you in my prayers, I had a good day today and I’m taking it one day at a time I hope you had a good day as well and I would love to be a ear if you ever need be."
175990997,I didn’t know you could check on it how do you do that. And the loan place won’t work with us cause we are late most of the time but I alway told them when I was going to be late. It’s my fault.
175990998,"Interesting. I don't know if I can do that, they'd probably give me a feeding tube if I stopped eating."
175990999,"Thanks really, _NAME_. Those are passing thoughts for 1 sec or so actually and I believe it's more related to anxiety. Booked a time with therapist tomorrow."
175991000,"Sorry, Go. This sounds almost identical to where I was a few weeks ago. Trilafon at a low dose of just 2 mg tid has eradicated it. It seems to work for almost everyone around here."
175991001,"Good morning. Took my morning meds. Busy day today, group therapy, individual therapy, and I see the psychiatrist at PHP"
175991002,"Yeah, took my morning meds."
175991003,"Valley, the food looks amazing. I wish I could come over!"
175991004,Talked to my mom...I think she’s more coherent now that the epidural is out.....they had her pretty drugged up. She was better this morning but still sleepy.
175991005,I been showering at night before bed every other night.
175991006,"I lost my unemployment weight! I think the ""no beers"" helped a ton. After I write my short essay on Romanticism I'm going to get on the dating market again. I have no idea what to expect though. Honestly, i don't know which dating sight i should try. OKCupid was kind of a dissapointment last time."
175991007,_NAME_ - Tidal (Lyrics) _NAME_ - Tidal (Lyric Video) - YouTube
175991008,Black coffee
175991009,My old one I had for years until it fell apart.
175991010,I already went back to cigs. But I've stopped again. Messed up my 5 or 6 years of being cig free. I dont have any money right now for a new one unfortunately.
175991011,"Whatever you do, you are expert at it. You could play around with filters and such too. I could never in a million years get pictures like yours."
175991012,Thx for uodate _NAME_. I too have bi polar and very well managed. I am in Australia. Keep posting for support. HT.
175991013,Me too. I catch myself calling myself stupid and moron and stuff like that. Then when I catch myself doing that I am trying to correct my brain and tell myself that I am not those things. It's hard though.
175991014,"I'm back home. I feel bad for fiances family. They could only afford the most basic funeral, and their dad didnt have a thing to leave them. Not to mention, none of their family from Iowa showed up at all. It was only their immediate family and friends. Barely anyone was there. Really makes me sad. A lot."
175991015,I could ask my dad. But probably not. I could ask my mom too but it would backfire because I know she would say for me just to eat healthier by myself.
175991016,Does anyone know if 2 mg Klonopin is a lot?
175991017,Was learning about investing and smoking some ganj. I think I'm just gonna stick to learning how to invest for a while. It's quite fun.. I can use my feelings and mathematical brain.. I'm gonna go to sleep at 10PM though... Kinda addicted to the 0.5mg alprazolams but I'll figure a way out to stop once I control my addiction to sleep.. I have an addiction to sleep which is why I sleep 12 hours or more a day. Cuz I'm lazy idk.. I just want to sleep cuz being awake sucks.. I'm going for a walk with my moms friends in the morning. They're nice people.. I need to socialize and tell them what I'm doing..
175991018,"I judged his life! But in a good way.. I'm sorry.. My dad does that to me and it helps me.. Positive things.. I love you DT you are an inspiration.. You work and pull yourself together, and (I suppose I'm doing it again.. Idk if I am...).. I went on the treadmill for 10 minutes and now I feel weird.. Really weird.. It's like my mind is in a fog or cloud... I hate everything... Cogladaid.... If you ever have a panic attack, immediately go off of the Lexapro.. I don't want you having what I had.. Felt slight panic and then went on Prozac and then the constant panic attacks started.. I was drooling 15-20 times a day and zoned out... It was so weird.. But if the Lexapro is helping your mood, then that's good.."
175991019,"_AT_MENTION_, the above post from me was meant for you. I forgot to say your name. I hope you feel better soon."
175991020,So I may be hypomanic now after no sleep. Went 2 places before 8am. And took my hair down and combed it and styled it a bit. Thinking about putting a few dreads in since I won’t be seeing my stylist for awhile cuz COVID scare and money issues.
175991021,I'm throwing out my kratom. I get killer headaches and took 6 Advil today. It also gives me sleep paralysis and makes me tired. Also was hearing voices before I went to sleep last night. Weird stuff.
175991022,Thanks guys. Sometimes I feel I have to vent. If I told my mother she would just worry. I don’t like her to worry about me.
175991023,I’m trying to breathe and realize I’m safe right now. I meditated then prayed the rosary
175991024,"I took it for awhile, but it would make me stutter on words. So I stopped taking it. Doesn't mean it isn't a good med, just my experience with it. It was a long time ago too. I think it was called Neurontin then. I hope it works for you. Please do let us know how it goes. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175991025,There’s retail therapy and then there’s mania....
175991026,Lord know I don’t need all that lmao especially while I’m preggo ugh I have to remind myself it’s only 9 months tho or so. Probably be 8 with my family history of preemies.
175991027,Oh awesome!!! Thanks!
175991028,Irish breakfast tea
175991029,Well this is new and annoying as all hell
175991030,Thank you! I enjoy drawing Pokémon
175991031,The spellbook of _NAME_ tassel.....it’s an alternate retelling of the legend of sleepy hollow....I’m still looking for good fall books.
175991032,My therapist got me onto a waiting list to be in an eating disorder group at the clinic
175991033,_NAME_ is awesome!
175991034,Will be thinking of you!
175991035,"For myself; Playing videogames Reading Watching movies, shows Journaling Playing my Ukulele Drawing Playing my single player rpg living card game cleaning thinking about ways I want to decorate and furnish my apartment more when I have the money to do so Browsing online, mostly PC, amazon and other shopping sites, pinterest, Youtube Also, virtual tours to museums, and different places. Listening to music. Using free education sites like Khan Academy and Duolingo Studying the Bible, praying, and whatnot to get back into my Catholic faith. ""Attending"" live streamed mass for the time being while churches are closed And of course drinking lots and lots of coffee Oh, I almost forgot, looking at and sharing a billion cat pics on Facebook"
174389884,"Today feels kind of weird. I'm not sure what to do, except for one little goal/plan I have. I really hope I at least do that."
175991036,Thank you _PERSON_ you’re right it’s hypomania produced by inspiration and motivation. I see or read something or hear something and a million ideas come to my head.
175991037,That mobile home setup sounds nice. Are you guys able to qualify for a mortgage?
175991038,"Yes I did know that, they seem like a very suitable couple....original, and a bit dark......"
175991039,"I'm writing about false senses and perception like hallucinations and illusions, geniuses that believed in magic like galileo and _NAME_, psychedelics, astral projection, imagination, reincarnation, humanity/technology singularity, consciousness, the physical brain.. etc.. But imma sleep. I'll try record my dreams cuz they'll probably be really wild since today was another really rough day."
175991040,"Hmmm, how’s your sleep been?"
175991041,not today
175991042,"Turned my phone off, so my Medisafe didn't work. Dumb."
175991043,"Played my ukulele, just getting familiar with chords again"
175991044,I tend to have a latte for breakfast....maybe with some sort of pastry maybe not depending if I even feel hungry.
175991045,"Hello manuelannerl1, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about codependency. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. Mental Health America search: codependency Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! TeamInspire"
175991046,Ah I see. Yeah was thinking it was kinda weird because when I bought something there before this the shipping cost was normal.
175991047,"Man _PERSON_, I mentioned you like Animal on crossing on twitter, I'm sorry. I went through the stages of being high and that qualified as okay. i won't get high again. This high was hilarious at first but I'm having a big come down now."
175991048,"Thanks I'm not sure why I get this way, it used to be really extreme, I spent like 6 months in my room hiding when I was 18 cause I was convinced the government was after me."
175991049,cold water
175991050,I take benadryl every night. It hasn't worked past 2 days. Hopefully I conk out after awhile.
175991051,"Doing my best to distract myself from the food cravings from seroquel. Drinking a lot of water and other distractions, games, journaling, art, etc. I've been eating pretty healthy and drinking a ton of water"
175991052,Yes...I hate myself for this because I should be a better more enlightened person. But...i wouldn’t be upset if she hauled off on them. She just isn’t that kind of kid. These girls are nothing. If my daughter got in their faces they would run home crying quite literally. They are all talk and type from behind a screen. My son...he will throw hands if someone crosses his line. He’s not what I’d call violent but he’ll only give one chance. I wish I could say I’m more evolved and better than resorting to violence but I don’t think I am. I am secretly proud of my son for standing up for himself as well as the other kid. Even if it meant pounding on the other guys face. :hide:
175991053,gulp all taken
175991054,"My dad just fell and busted his nose and hand.........I was talking to him through his ring doorbell, he didnt know it was me, and he got scared and fell. I should be killed. It's my fault. Fck me. I hope I goto hell."
175991055,"Oh and I paid for drinks last night for me and my friend. She drank alcohol, I drank soda."
175991056,When I was sick I wasn't even on the grid in the first place. I was dead in the basement with spirits. So 3 days fasting is becoming a thing now. I wonder what does that mean for people with eating disorders. It's like.. encouraging people to not eat.. My mom made a sandwich so I will start the 3 day fasting tomorrow. I told her about it and she said it's a good idea. It would help for her to fast too while going through chemotherapy because it helps with that. Oh man I'm drunk on phenibut
175991057,"Hi _PERSON_! I also have social anxiety and I've been working through it for the past year or so. So when I had to take public speaking for college, I was terrified! That anxiety is by far one of the worst feelings ever! For when I did my speeches, I always tried to limit the amount of anxiety I had during the day. One step I can advise is to prepare well for the speech before the deadline. I'm not sure what your teacher's guidelines are for a public speech, but I would follow them closely for the speech. Above all, practice, practice, and practice some more even if it feels silly. I know I sound like a teacher, but when I did prepare and I knew that my speech was going to be great, I felt less anxious about embarrassing myself. Asides from that, my last advice is towards your classmates. Believe me, EVERYONE is going to be anxious for the first speech. And I'm sure people are still going to be nervous throughout the semester. So know that you're not alone in that class. Secondly, even if you feel 
that you embarrassed yourself, most people won't even notice or judge you. Most of the time, people are paying too much attention to how they are viewed in front of their peers. And everyone is going to be too occupied with their own anxiety to notice your's as well! Lastly, even if you feel that you embarrassed yourself, and you feel that everyone noticed, don't worry too much. People are very understanding and they won't judge you negatively. I'm sure your peers have all felt embarrassed or anxious at times. And because of that, they'll sympathize with you and they'll be understanding. I wish you the best for your speech, and you will get through the day on Tuesday! If I can survive through 5 public speeches with social anxiety, then I'm sure you can get through it too. All the best to you friend!"
175991058,"Not yet. But I've been taking the Rx every day. Regretfully however, I can't say the same about the supplements."
175991059,Sounds nice I just started doing yoga and I'm sure that would make it even better
175991060,Gonna take an olanzepine and go to sleep.
175991061,I was under some job related stress for awhile before this happened. I didn't think it was bothering me that much and then I started getting anxiety attacks out of the blue. I haven't felt the same since.
175991062,I need to move out of my parents' house. Ugh. This is destroying me.
175991063,Thinking of getting a pastry or something from the vending machine
175991064,"We're thinking of selling our condo townhouse in the next couple years (after paying off some bills) so my mom is doing some painting and fixing up. We have a list of things we have to do including replacing some flooring, new vanity in the powder room, painting upstairs, etc. Slowly working on things while trying to save money. But anyway, our neighbor next door has their condo townhouse for sale, and another one right across the way also is going for sale so I really hope they get what they're asking for because they're pretty comparable to our place and means we could get more for our place when we go to sell. Really our plan is to sell this place, go in for a freestanding house with more room. Looking at a split level so it'll have big windows in the basement. Go together for a down payment, put my name on a mortgage and all pay into that. I don't mind our condo townhouse, but I miss having a freestanding house. Anyway, we were talking more about it and my mom got inspired to fix up the front e
ntrance so she's working on that while I study."
175991065,Morning! Still feeling kinda sick. I barely slept last night. Couldn’t seem to hit deep sleep. I was in and out of light sleep all night. I’m exhausted. _PERSON_ is coming over to replace the oven “brain” my daughter broke last night. Grrrr. Thank god for appliance repair dudes! Going out with Gram this morning. Then going to see my guy. Coming home for a bit then going grocery shopping. That’s all I have today and I think I’ll be lucky if I get through.
175991066,"Hello, I'm sorry to hear about your struggles. I have 4 kids and my oldest son who is 17 is struggling with mental issues. Luckily for us he is willing to get help. For a shot period of time he was an impatient at a mental hospital. I think the first step for you and your son is to get him help. Since he is 24 you can get a court order to have power of attorney. If you do this, you can have him admitted without his approval. Some would say tough love is the answer but you don't want to do anything you'll regret later. Sit him down and talk to him, no yelling or judging. Tell him how his actions is effecting the family. Show him love and support. If he's drinking a lot something else could be going on or already happened in his life that you don't know about. Don't give up on him but don't continue to give in either."
175991067,"Just saw that metformin was being investigated for possible carcinogenic properties, I'm on metformin so thats a bit scary."
174389862,"I am interested in this post. I am currently taking Zyprexa and Abilify (as for the antipsychotics I take (I take antidepressants, too)) but was wondering if clozapine would help me more. I don't know. I am SZA and currently suffering from a lot of symptoms of irrational thinking, etc. I don't know if clozapine would help me more than my current meds. I am also taking four different medications. Effexor, Remeron, Zyprexa, and Abilify. Anyway, I thought I'd respond to this post. If anyone knows more about clozapine, it'd be nice if you could let me know your experience with it."
175991068,I’m sorry I know the feeling. My mood right now is constantly on the brink of mania. I’m so tired of it. The lithium is helping but I don’t feel normal or stable at all yet. The doctor doesn’t want to do much until I talk to the psychiatrist. It’s been already about a month since he sent on the request. I’m so tired of it all.
175991069,"Seems like you're going through a lot - Although you tend to be able to distract yourself well so it's likelier that your mood symptoms could be 100% because of the decrease in Thorazine - Which is unlikely I think - Idk if a decrease in medication can cause suicidal thoughts alone.. In the way where me for example.. was suicidal after drinking alcohol - Really badly. There was underlying causes as to why I was feeling that way. I drank alcohol again - BECAUSE I was suicidal. Then I processed the feelings and they went away. Idk if this helps as insight or is useless. Take care of yourself. Throwing up isn't good for bulimia recovery - Can be triggering. It reminds me of how I am addicted sometimes to drugs and yet take medications - You have to think yourself out of it and use logic, feelings... We're not always going to be perfect and the choices we make that we think are good will lead to bad results just like the bad choices we make can lead to good results - Less often than the former though b
ut it still counts. I usually get inspiration from you cuz idk what I'm quite confused but I noticed that you seem to be doing well, then stop meds and do bad. It's a cycle but eventually you can catch yourself with realization of habit like how people quit doing something when they're ready - In an opposite way. We're changing constantly. Need to dance with the chaos and move with it. Many jinxes happen and me saying I jinxed you un-jinxes it. It's ok cuz we're all supportive and wants what's best for each other.."
175991070,"It’s affecting my relationship because I never cook, clean, shower or do anything at all anymore. I’m not even interested in playing animal crossing. I have to push myself to play. I hate that."
175991071,"P doctor just added 10mg Lexapro to my mix. I have taken before and it was hard to sleep on it for me. My cocktail is 350mg Seroquel, 2mg Risperdal, 900mg Neurontin, 1mg Klonopin, 4mg Cogentin. It’s going to take some time for me to adjust to the Lexapro. Last time I took it, I was comfortably numb and did stop it because I felt like I was going beyond a point of no return. By that I mean it seemed that I was not recognizing myself or how ambivalent I was to to world around me. Like I was not a able to focus at all and I did not care. Part of me wants to let go to see if that is a temporary state of mind or if I will get to the point that I won’t remember how I was without this med. does anybody ever have these internal thoughts of resistance? This is the best I can do to explain it."
175991072,It's a few coworkers at work. It's that idfk if we are gonna have enough money to even move out. We told these people we are leaving. So we cant get another lease on this apt. My fckin teeth are falling out every day. I have so much stress. So many appts. When I come home from work I still have stuff to do.
174389945,I'm having a pretty good day actually. Just kind of bored at work but that's normal.
175991073,"It's ok. I'm just wondering 2 things. Why would it be a geodon withdrawal if I take it twice a day? Also, I have had these 3 day migraines for maybe 10 years. What I wonder is, yes they are most likely from the chiari malformation, but I'ma goto a doctor to find out more. The neurologist I saw couldn't say yes or no to the thing in my brain being the cause. Which is so stupid. Like wasted money, if you cant even tell me what the fluck is causing my 3 day migraines. Anyway, I'm thinking it WAS my chiari 1 coupled with the fact that I have my head down so much on my phone. And the chiari is in the back of head. On the base of my cerebellum and beginning of my spinal cord. Cuz yesterday I popped my neck and it went away for a few hours. But I went back on my phone and it got bad again. I also have costochondritis and a dowager's hump on my back, all apparently from being on my phone. So the doctor says."
175991074,I got my eyes checked also and no tumor nothing was found And migraines a lil
175991075,"Hi, my name is _NAME_ and I am new here. I am not sure how any of this works but I have depression, body dysmorphia and I think an eating disorder. I am just looking for support and help getting through some rough spots I'm in. Any advice, positivity or anything in between is welcome."
175991076,"Please read this and see if it helps... The title of the article is ""Am I lonely?"" https://medium.com/_AT_MENTION_.bihani/am-i-lonely-5583a74cc44a"
175991077,We got somewhere in the range between 15 and 25 inches and it’s still snowing ? We had 18 inches as of 5:45 this morning and it's still going
175991078,when it rain it pours.
175991079,"_PERSON_ posted a picture now I’m considering posting a picture in my sweatjacket... Oh hell, why not it’ll get lost in the shuffle eventually anyway. Shhhh. I’m anonymous"
175991080,Wise words from _NAME_!
175991081,"Speaking of mistakes and worrying over them, here's a mistake I made about 3 days ago. I was talking to three people in my kitchen and making a grand presentation, I thought. It's the most people I've had in my kitchen in 6 months and I was later thinking how wonderful that experience was. After that, I looked in the mirror and it looked like I hadn't blown my nose in a week, or that I had blown my nose 5 minutes before these people arrived, and hadn't wiped it off. My idea of my great presentation and wonderful social experience was taken off the board. Then I was left with, how do I think about that? Well, at first I was totally devastated. Then I thought, how am I going to balance this out so that it's not so bad? I thought, look at the positives, wonderful social experience, good ideas exchanged, compared with, totally embarrassed. But two or three of the things were good, I told myself. I also thought, learn from that. Next time, look in the mirror before the company comes. Also, there are no 
guarantees here. Not every situation has to be wonderful. As in grow up. Life is not always as we want it. So all that's left is learn to deal with what we get. And learn from the mistake, don't dwell on how I'm going to turn back the clock and wipe my nose before they arrive. That's childish. Look at the positives you've done in the last few days and weeks. Your mind might be set on the negatives because you might be a negative thinker. You are looking for that. Reset your mind to positive. Say, think positive, think positive, think positive when you come across an upcoming problem to solve, which in your case this time is getting over a blunder. Believe going into it that you can get over this. Think of people who are worse off than you and how you can help them. All the time we spend thinking about our nose or our latest blunder, could have been spent trying to help someone who is worse off than we are."
175991082,thanks you guys…I am really happy with it.
175991083,"Buying a couple new nail polish colors tomorrow, maybe a bit of makeup too Downloaded the Microsoft To Do app for my laptop. To keep track of my daily tasks and goals"
175991084,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about fatigue and shortness of breath. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=fa...= Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with fatigue. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope th
is helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175991085,That’s not much...at least for me...it could be impacting your paranoia?
175991086,"Hello Wow, you have really had a tough time. Have you had a MRI of the brain ? I assume you have, bc that's the first thing most doctors do if you have migraines. But to answer your question, no I don't think some people can't be helped. I think you haven't found the right doctor, and you have a difficult case. So you should contact the best hospitals in the country. Maybe start with Mayo Clinic, and see if they can give you some sort of referral. I do know there are many physical illnesses that have gone undiagnosed until consulting with the best doctors. I think the answer is out there if you find the right doctor. I wish I could be of more help."
175991087,I had a peanut butter and honey sandwich for lunch with apple sauce and Lays chips.
175991088,"After every time I eat, lately, my stomach hurts for awhile."
175991089,"Same, but it was like Easter then my bday etc then I was just in the zone with snacking lol"
175991090,"Aww, thanks, Blue!"
175991091,"I've been on the SSRI's for a long time. They don't seem to touch this type of panic for some reason. Mine can last hours, I don't know how that's possible but they do. Or maybe they come and go for a period of hours but my anxiety is still really intense in between. Thank you, I really appreciate it. Maybe I'll make some tea. I'm trying to not take klonopin as long as possible. It's been 10 days since I last took it, I'm trying to hold off on using it unless it's really an emergency. I'll try praying the rosary since that's kind of meditative. I could also watch some funny youtube videos. I'd like to get a weighted blanket someday, I've heard great things about them."
175991092,"What a lot of work you are doing already! Many just keep moving forward without much reflection. Good for you wanting to be clear and clean before you address your stuff with your dad. It’s one of my own policies before I involve others (With the exception of therapist) to have a purity of curiosity rather than one of blame and gotta get to the bottom of this energy. That takes this journey in a whole different direction, not so pure. We are complex beings for sure yet there’s something really beautiful about being present and asking “spirit” or “god” or universal wisdom” for help. And trusting the answer will show itself in the perfect time. All you can do is keep showing up, being in your heart, and being kind to self and others. Peace is an internal process first and I wish that for you. So many times I’ve meditated on an issue and within 24 hours usually something peeks out from hiding to show me something else. It’s an epic journey being human. Especially these days. Be well 
my friend. I believe in you?????"
175991093,"I hope slumberkitty is okay, she hasn't been on here in a bit"
175991094,Yep! That place is awesome!
175991095,"I have been taking 100 mg of Zoloft, 75 mg at lunch time and the remaining 25 mg at night. After consulting with my doctor -- who told me it was my choice and should not make any material difference -- I switched to 100 mg once a day, rather than the 75/25 dose. Same 100 mg per day, though. It has been about a week since I started that. I have noticed that, since I made that change, my anxiety has been worse. Some days really bad. I am wondering whether it could be because of this change. Or maybe it is just a coincidence, since I certainly had bad anxiety days when I was on the 75/25 mg regimen too. I guess I could go back to the 75/25, but I don't want to do that yet -- too much moving and moving back is not great. Of course, I could ask my pdoc, but he is away on vacation. And in any event, he will just tell me that either way is fine and I can do whatever I want. If you have any thoughts, I would be interested. (Ultimately, I probably need more than 100 mg of Zoloft -- but I really want to get 
off of medication, and increasing my dose would be headed in the wrong direction for that...)"
175991096,"I am so so sorry to read this... you are having a crisis and should not be alone right now! Can u be w a close friend and confide in him/her? I’m sorry to read about work as well... that is terrifying that you had such anxiety going in. I think you should talk to your doc and also have some therapy. Maybe be on a med that can help w all the angst. And definitely talk to your boss and/or HR and let them know how you feel. If they are humane they will help you find a solution. So my first suggestion is talk to a close friend or even your mom if u have a good relationship w her.... you need someone who listens to you! Second, call your doc, tell him your symptoms, have him refer you to a therapist as well..... Just want to hold you and let you let it all out right now, sorry I cannot so consider me just giving you a big hug for being so brave ... but do not suffer alone. You are only 22 - and still have a long way to go. Set your life up for less suffering and more love...... Anxiety is a real thing
. Not in your mind ?? here to “talk” any time. <3"
175991097,Yeah I called and it was just an automated line and they said they needed a doctors note on letterhead....honestly it a pain to get that I may just go in and explain it during the process at the court....I’ve gotten off before because my sister committed a crime and they don’t want certain things circled on the back of the form.
175991098,I do that as much as possible every single day.
175991099,Does Himalayan Salt good for asthma patients? I was reading articles that explain the benefits of Himalayan Salt products. I am quite surprised and I want your suggestions.
175991100,"_NAME_, I recognized you from the prostate cancer forum. Of all the aches and pains I had over the years not a single one turned out to be cancer. Oppositely I was totally blindsided by getting prostate cancer. lol. You are absolutely right in that criticizing does not help one bit. I am still in treatment for my cancer and hate the side effects I have experienced. I always tell people having cancer is NOT the hallmark move channel version most people think it is. Very invasive and debilitating at times."
175991101,Have been reading a book I have about bulimia recovery Listening to music Letting myself sleep in Using coping skills
175991102,"I'm extremely content right now. Some things are bad - But I feel grateful to be alive. I'll try to be more optimistic. On a lower dose of Invega, I don't listen to my positive thoughts or my conscience - They all drowned out. I listen to the bad thoughts instead. It's weird how aware I've become this year. I'm on the same page as everyone else. It wouldn't be like that if I didn't trip. It's daylight... I'm gonna try and do some things to feel a sense of accomplishment.. Maybe read idk.. I've been organizing a lot of things. I do feel scared - Like I'm surviving. I feel the love and feel bad for having such mental episodes over the past few months. I feel a little zombified from the antipsychotics - Like I don't have the creativity and genius thoughts. It's just calmness - And people wouldn't understand.. Like I can't speak. I'm trapped in a lack of understanding about myself and the world so it gives me a bit of anxiety. I care too much about what other people think - _PERSON_ I don't have it all 
figured out. But one day at a time. I have time my dad says. I don't have to figure it all out at once. I'm gonna plan to talk to my therapist and make a psychiatrist appointment. I'm afraid that my meds will be changed cuz some are controlled substances. I get comfort for managing my meds cuz my mom could easily be controlling my treatment - But I have good insight and not treatment resistant. My meds work really well. I notice that I need the Invega after being psychotic. I just needed to know and have proof - It will work for now. Might take antipsychotics until age 25-30. I'm scared about getting a job. People want me to work full time and I just want to work part time. I'm growing a lot by working on myself while not working. I have a good sense of where I am in society and want to really be independent but not a job that drains my soul for the rest of my life. The bad and good things keep me surviving. There's a problem to be solved but also experienced at the same time."
175991103,"Hi JellyfishLane, Thanks for replying. I never had a real medical following. I think I acted mostly normal most of my life, to anyone's observation. I was always good at saying the right things when prompted. Except when I was younger, under 20. I was mostly overly quiet around strangers. I would listen and observe until I knew what said person was into so I could say the appropriate things. I wound up in the psych ward once, no follow up. I try to stay away from that now... So anyway, I can only really guess as to what I actually have. For me, it's not how I die, just dying in general. I keep visualizing my consciousness turning off. Like a tv powering off, Just empty blackness, quiet. And the obsession of trying to figure out the meaning, and failing. Because there is no meaning... I don't understand. I tried things over the years. Mostly as long as i keep focus, any tips and tricks works, really. It's just a question of practice and using them. But these days I just feel old and tired and don't 
have the motivation to work on myself. I constantly repeat to myself that it doesn't even matter. 3 meals a day and drinking is a great goal. Most people would probably think that that is a silly goal but I understand how hard it can be to reach that goal. Sometimes I look at things around me and envision all the particles that make up everything around me. Quantum physics make me happy and sad at the same time."
175991104,"After 110 hours, I've finally got bored of it. I mean I still want to play it but I load it up and close it shortly after. I'm sure I'll go back to it again after a break though."
175991105,"Update: We didn't meet - he had a birthday a couple of days ago and I texted him, he seemed fine through the first couple of messages and I didn't want to push him for anything, so I didn't remind for the possible meeting. He never really said anything about the break-up either, so maybe this is what he truly wanted. Although I still want him very much, I don't want to push him for anything. Of course, you cannot really judge a person through his messages, I can only hope he is better. I still have the feeling something is not quite right, the amount of emojis he used in the messages seemed so not like him, but here I might be overthinking, I don't know. He didn't reply to my last message too, only read it. It is still a mystery to me how a person can change so much in a matter of two weeks and seem like a completely different person. All I can do now is hope he is doing better. I am still completely heartbroken, but in the end, if a person wants to be with you, he'll find a way. Post Edited (KMTkm
t) : 6/16/2019 12:10:14 PM (GMT-6)"
175991106,I'm so cold. Sitting here in my 70 degree apartment with a jacket and beanie on with a cup of hot tea and shivering
175991107,"Oh goodness, you have been through so so much, and that sounds so hard I'm so sorry, but I'm so happy you've been keeping up the fight and that you're doing ok and your family is doing better and I really hope things keep getting better for your family. ?? Keep staying strong! ??"
174389977,"You are very kind, erti. I just hope to spread a relatability to people who are marginalized within the mental health system. And that’s usually people with psychosis and other related disorders."
175991108,"Thanks for the reply _NAME_... She's staying with me at our home now... Didn't leave this morning and stayed the whole day at home... When I returned home after work, I found her sleeping in bed...She must be extremely lethargic... : / I paid for her meds this time round cos' we rushed to A&E at the MH hospital about a week ago... She has no therapist...Says that she doesn't want to waste money seeing one...I'll gauge...if it's more than I can handle, then it's back to the MH hospital...strangely, IMH discharged her and didn't request for her to stay for observation the last time we went a week ago...they attributed it to a hypomanic episode...and thereafter came up with the double dosage of Valproate and the new dosage of Risperidone...there will be a MH hospital review in 1-2 weeks' time where a very senior doctor will do a thorough review of her illness again... Any Bipolar sufferers with symptoms like my wife's...Any insights...? Thanks in advance... Post Edited (_PERSON_) : 6/4/2019 9:53:01 AM 
(GMT-6)"
175991109,"Concentration is getting better, I spent several hours reading today"
175991110,"Hi. Just today he made a first cut for an online customer service job. He had to take an aptitude test. This is maybe not the best thing he could do, but could be a way back into the world of work. I'm cautiously optimistic. Thank you for your comment."
175991111,I feel a little depressed today. Not really sure what could be causing it.
175991112,I just hate how it's like a game with the meds. It feels like a game.
175991113,"I need to find a way to build more story for my next book. I wish I had more adventuring experiences. I saw my psych Tuesday... it went well. I'm still a wreck though. I'm glad that I have my writing to explore my ideas though. I read the book of Job in the bible for part of my short story. I love where im taking this, it brings closure to my own story."
175991114,Are y’all both in that state?
175991115,Converting someone else to Apple today. _PERSON_. First time Apple user. I hyped them up and I’m sure they will be happy! _PERSON_ mama. She’s going from a tiny plastic cheap 150 Samsung smartphone to an iPhone 11. Yeet! I’m helping her set it up today. Plus doing other stuff.
175991116,"Thank you, _PERSON_! I'm watching a ton of vaping related videos. Also some police interviews, some beauty channels, some anti vegan channels, and so on. I really miss the meds I was on until 2013. I was so relaxed lol. Oh no, the regular nurse's aid just appeared. They know I didn't shower yesterday. I stabbed my toe accidentally with nail scissors and it bled like crazy. Anyway, I didn't want to use the shower after that. They don't actually clean it after someone showers. It stopped bleeding at some point last night. This place is so gross. I hope your sleep schedule gets back on track."
175991117,Thx.. Ugh I wish I could stay awake but I can't.
175991118,"You know what’s weird I know money doesn’t mean much, having grown up with a lot of it. I mean mean much in the way of happiness. But, I feel empty without it."
175991119,Smooth _PERSON_ featuring _NAME_ YouTube
175991120,What I'm saying is nonsense nvm
175991121,"I was supposed to talk philosophy with my friend like thirty minutes ago. I just keep thinking, ""why talk about this stuff at all?"" And also like he is trying to make me into his tutor basically and I can't handle that."
175991122,I still have until Friday so its cool.....
175991123,Appointment with my therapist in 45 minutes
175991124,That's cool!!!! Congrats to you!
175991125,"I had a surgery on my left breast in 2000. I had microcalcification. Well when I felt pain in my left breast years later I was worried. I had gotten fibromyalgia at this time. Come to find out the pain in the breast area was in the pectoral muscle. From costochrondritis that you can get along with the fibro. I still get chest and shoulder pain and it has been almost 20 years since I got the fibro. I also get muscle spasms in my chest. I can't stretch anymore because my muscles always spasm. It has only been 7 months since your last mammogram so you probably can't get one yet unless doctor feels it necessary. How old are you? I used to get pain in my breasts when I was younger due to hormones and what time of the month it was. I feel if you are concerned you should call the doc or nurse. You are prone to health anxiety so you are going to worry more. A lot of times people with breast cancer don't feel pain in the beginning, but they will have a lump or a strange texture to the skin (like orange peel
). Generally it is on the outside of the breast. And often lumps can be cysts or calcium deposits. Try not to worry about it or dwell on it. But get ahold of someone if you are extremely worried about it. It is better to know for sure than to worry about it. I hope that your day gets better. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175991126,"Did you ever get any sleep? I finally did, I know it's frustrating"
175991127,"So she wanted to call your landline from her cell phone to get the icons back on her phone? Is that what you are saying? If that is what she believed, it sounds delusional to us, but that is only our opinion."
175991128,"Hello everyone, It’s been a while since I’ve been on here! Does anyone have any experience on Effexor for treating anxiety? I was prescribed Effexor and nervous in starting it Post Edited (roxy8820) : 9/12/2019 9:43:48 PM (GMT-6)"
175991129,"Oh, ok! I'm glad to see you!!"
175991130,I will draw that for you tonight. Give me a few hours!
175991131,Feeling agitated. I'll take ashwaganda.
175991132,"So I have the weekend or part of it alone because my son went to his dad's for the first time in about a month and I'm having anxiety. Go.figure. I've been in a complicated relationship for three and a half years and I've been trying to end it lately. We didn't spend the holidays together and I went on a date last night. I guess it's too soon but I'm wondering if maybe that's the reason for my anxiety today. I had another date for tonight but I canceled it. I'm also going through menopause and I kept waking up with hot flashes last night which isn't the norm for me lately. I go through off and on periods of these. Wondering if anxiety can make menopause symptoms worse or vice versa. Anyway, my heart rate is in the 90s today and I don't like it. Ha. Suggestions for hot flash symptoms any of you going through it? I do not want to take synthetic hormones as I've had two close family members die in the past few years from cancer (sister and mother)."
175991133,"Hey everyone, I'm alive. Been watching Black List lately and enoying it. I reached out to a friend who kinda back stabbed me in the worst way possible, but asked him how he is doing anyways because we've been friends for 10 years. Not too long ago he gave me a ppositive message. I'm reaching out to sort these things out that has come between us. He is a great guy to be honest. I went to his wedding. Part of the problem was that I tend to close up due to this illness, and he reacted to that in a negative way so he talked crap about me behind my back. So I wanted to clear some things up. It's been 2 hours and no response. He either deleted me/blocked me from seeing it or deleted his entire profile. He's deleted his profile before but I don't know these things. I think this is the end of our friendship."
175991134,"some how the previous thread with the title ( sans part 2) is locked and i cant reply there not sure why but that thread would have given a better context . Its been almost year since i last posted Wishing you all a very happy new year thanks to Scaredy Cat.. this post helped me in many ways _NAME_ i know u are very blunt and honest ..sometimes it did hurt me but yes all that u wrote most times made sense whenever i was retrospective in reading your comments Its almost a year now since i last posted ..went through some good times with my band and music...and that fell apart sometime 3 months back which was very heartbreaking for me ....lost my best friend for years, almost 10 years...which is something im still trying to digest .....there were some women who apparently claimed they liked me and that they have fallen in love with me and when i said i am going through a phase and i am not quite sure,...they said ugly things and shut me off like they never knew me ...i really don't know how people . d
o that? I had some professional success too if i may mention it since the past 3 months its been quite lonely ....i am not sure how things will change or ever improve ..its slightly different from what happened since my wife left me i dont use stato pam since almost 5 months i guess now just that i take .25mg of petril every alternate day before sleeping i am not ..if i may say happy..i am at peace though i feel ..... i am lonely, i do have the thinsg that i need ..some things that i want are missing ... how have all of u been?"
175991135,"Add me on there. I forget my switch number, but I'll send it to you on snap tomorrow."
175991136,"Anyway, everything's fine. I decided to buy a PC instead of a Mac this time around, haha. I guess that's an interesting datum."
174390029,"I sometimes think I lose my train of thought and blame words that I hear while experiencing other symptoms of schizophrenia. Like hearing a voice and being in the present while hearing a trigger word can turn my head around, like chasing my tail. Seems like others positivity keep my symptoms more positive but being around the negative can keep my symptoms negative.. hard to crawl out unless you have a strong emotional support system."
175991137,"I had a breakthrough recently. My recurring dream where I go to a workplace I haven't been to in 20 years, with all the guilt and anxiety, was now just a week or two worth to catch up, easily done in a short visit, and everything was ok. I've never had that before, it was like being home but completely free of any blockage and happy. I haven't thought yet about what it means, but it's the first time the dream changed in any way and it is happy. I hope it corresponds to some positive inner change."
175991138,What’s up?
175991139,Yeah I just took one
175991140,Thanks _PERSON_. I will come clean and confront her about everything. Everyone tells me that she needs to know what I know and unless she is willing to reassure me that she is going to change then we have to end everything.
175991141,"No, they are keys."
175991142,I went catatonic during PHP this morning...
175991143,Mixed greens salad w/ tomatoes and chipotle ranch dressing
175991144,"I used to get up really early like that. 3:30-4am and start my days. I always felt much more productive when I did that, I got more done early and had the rest of the day to do what I want."
175991145,"Oh yeah, I am, but I am just struggling to find any juice right now. Maybe today..."
175991146,I saw two turtles on my morning walk yesterday. Had to tell HT about that! Today was a very tough anxiety day! Maybe the med change caused that. Who knows.
175991147,"It’s good to hear from you. From what you’ve been saying, it seems that some part of the problem is your sensitivity. But sensitivity is not a weakness, it’s a strength. Femininity is not a weakness, it’s a strength. And you’ve got plenty of both. A saying I mentioned earlier in the thread is: 3. At the end of the day, you’re entitled to every one of your feelings. Don’t allow anyone to belittle you for your sensitivity. Vulnerability does not make us weak; it makes us human. — _NAME_, To Anyone Who’s Afraid Of Being Vulnerable Two other sayings I mentioned in this thread are: 1. Sometimes fear is a warning. It’s like someone putting a hand on your shoulder and saying Go No Farther. (From: _NAME_ Rice, Memnoch the Devil) 2. Fear doesn’t shut you down; it wakes you up. – _NAME_, Divergent So I think it’s quite natural to, “Once burned, twice cautious.” It’s human nature to run as fast away from harm as possible. Once away from the harm we want to try and rebuild, if p
ossible. And that’s what you’re saying you want to do. Which is good. But then your negativity raises its head and seems to stop that, it looks to me. Negativity stopped me for many decades, also. Negativity is also natural, for someone who has been raised in a negative environment. Were you raised in a negative environment? These are all my opinions, based mostly on what’s happened to me after having had some negative experiences. And some positive ones which got me through much of that."
175991148,"Took my meds I think I deal with olfactory hallucinations. I think I always have. But I think lately it’s been worse. I’ve said this before but I smell something burning all the time and it gets worse when I’m stressed out. Not 24/7 but I smell it often. I smelled it for years. When I was real sick I used to smell my body rotting in a certain spot on my hand. But I would wash and wash my hands all the time. Now I smell that rotting smell again. I notice it gets stronger when I am stressed. Also the burning smell comes back more often when I’m stressed too. Is there a chance I could be dying from the inside at all? I fear that a lot. I didn’t deal with this back in high school, only when I got real sick. I’ve been showering. Not normally as I should. But when I’m not stressed or as stressed, if I don’t shower I smell like B.O. but not rotting. but I got out of the shower last night and still smelled my body rotting. I smell it today too. I hate to say this, but if it’s not hallucin
ations, what is it? Could my lungs be rotting from vaping, which is messing up my sense of smell? Idk it’s scary. I wonder if I’m dying."
175991149,Man I didn’t fall asleep until like midnight but I feel ok....
175991150,I love you all
175991151,"It does, but it’s not. I assure you. It’s lethargy from meds."
175991152,I'm so stressed out. My chest hurts.
175991153,Got the illuminated snowflake festive diy!
175991154,Woo-hoo!!!!!!
175991155,Adore this. 'Dont fear the reaper' https://youtu.be/ClQcUyhoxTg
175991156,I’ve been doing grocery delivery since may now
175991157,"I suppose you could make that link. The body snatcher has a whiff of collective takes over. My analogy was not appropriate in that sense, its more fundamental and can happen in any relationship. Also people are replaced by plants with no emotions, which is part of the scary, but that would not apply either. I just liked that movie. That city of Socrates is the second one, and not the ideal just city. The ideal just city is where everybody minds their own business and do their own things. They live a self-sufficient life, but obviously also a poor one. His definition of justice, which is the goal of the play, is ""to mind your own business"", and the ideal city's citizens do just that. However, after he describes said city, people listening to him take offense and tell him this is a city of pigs, with no luxury or anything worth living. The second city, which is the main part of the book, is best case scenario, what would happen of a city that wants luxuries. So he starts with a city where everybody 
is the same, has the same origin, so the same culture, and everybody is smart and wise, but even then the wisest gets to rule. And then he follows the downfall of that city point by point. So the moral of the story is that you can't fake your way into justice. If you deny the first principle, no matter what you do, it will corrupt over time, no matter how hard you try to make it otherwise perfect. It's true for justice, but also for any first principles. People always think they can get away with just this little bit of exception which breaks the rule. So the whole play is a slippery slope argument. Hadn't make the connection with orcs and nationalism. For sure we take our identities from our culture and traditions, without knowing it. At least for the most part. I agree with that, and it is well.. quite traditional. Well, it's German. I remember reading stories about it, and I am not sure which one it was. I tried to find the origin of it. https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/h ... ppelganger What I was thi
nking was probably from _NAME_ Christian _PERSON_, or the changeling tales. It's the idea that someone is being replaced by a double, with different personality. I thought about it, especially in the case of the changelings, and I wonder if it is not a case of fear of letting children out of your sight. Lots of tales about that. Goblins may steal them, but they can be replaced by changelings and you won't even notice, so better not take any chance. If the _PERSON_ had taken those tales seriously, maybe the goblins would have been thwarted. As it were, they simply took the little _PERSON_, and goblins are good at hiding under the Earth, so you never can find that child again. That's assuming you absolutely have to take something from others, and that the only protection is friends and family, which you can't protect yourself from. So in the end, it makes no difference if that is the case, but I don't believe it is. People can pick and choose what they believe in, and pretty much always do, but customs give a r
eservoir of stories for everybody, but not every story is for everybody. Although I can see what you mean, and there is some truth to that. People that deny family, customs and religion have only really one source of information, and that would be the State approved ones, from the institutions. Often stories are used as subversion of current narrative. The body snatcher story was probably such a story. However, I did not bring out those myths in that sense, and I denied it twice already. I brought it up as a more existential threat, and the threat is not in the real of ideas, values or morality, it is more of a bodily threat. Or an loss of agency threat. Because if you kind of become one with someone, it is hard to tell who's agency you are following. Your own, or the other's? So you'd better know what you stand for before hand, or potentially be manipulated and cease to exist. Which reminds me again of the _PERSON_. Its clear to me from one interview, that the mother is completely fused with the husband. She 
has lost her agency to him, or he took it, but essentially, he talks for her all the time, and she does not push back at all. She also talks weirdly, in an impersonal matter, as if she has trouble taking agency and responsibility for things. She is in some sort of dream where things happen and she is not all there. Not sure if it is a dependent personality, or a case of abusive husband or something, but the relationship looks toxic. So its that type of fear, or becoming like her."
175991158,The other book I'm reading talks about duality and opposites etc which is triggering as well. I already know this. I'll give it a break and do something else or find another book.
175991159,I strive to be pleasantly deceptive with others and brutally honest with myself.
175991160,Welcome...good post...I don’t feel like I have a behavior problem like a little kid or something lol
175991161,Hugs!!!!
175991162,I’ve never done makeup but yeah for many it’s an important part of self care etc.
175991163,"Trigger negative vibes Possible trigger: Okay so, social distancing eh? A neighbor is coming to my house, not wearing a mask, just to chit chat for **** sake! And my aunt is cheerfully greeted her to come in and talk, also not wearing a mask, yay! People’s stupidity and ignorance are the real virus. I had panic attacks a few times since yesterday because of my own family’s behaviors."
175991165,I took my meds plus an antibiotic plus pain pill
175991166,I’m so sorry to hear you’re feeling this but know that you have value and were born for a reason. I can imagine it’s frustrating to try so many treatments and feel like nothing is working. The fact that you reached out on this site means there’s hope and that you want to feel better. Feel free to send me a message on here and we can connect. I’ll keep you in my thoughts and prayers.
175991167,Thanks S.K. she lives like five hours away I usually take the train when I go there so it’s probably only about four times a year but we talk on the phone every day and I send her photos of my paintings...still you’ve given me a good idea I have these water color cards that I can easily send by regular mail...I think she’d really like getting a card periodically ?
175991168,"Yes, took them."
175991169,Thanks for your help bluebird ?
175991170,"I found a university in Oklahoma that partners with the community college in my area, since I'm near the Oklahoma border. I chose this liberal arts degree where you take 3 classes in any of these 6 groups. I think the major is just called liberal art...something. but I applied. I hope I get accepted."
175991171,"Hi Rich, I hope that you were able to speak your concerns today at your appointment. If you did, and they responded with anything less than concern and care, then you should consider seeking a new chiropractor. Hopefully though, your concerns were heard and addressed to your satisfaction. You are the patient and therefore the customer. There is nothing wrong in speaking up...hard though it may be. If they are professionals, they should appreciate the feedback so they can improve where needed! _PERSON_"
175991172,Why isn't the treatment I am doing enough??
175991173,Life’s not fair and no the world doesn’t owes you a god damn thing.
175991174,"Hello dotsit, Welcome to Inspire! Thank you for sharing your story. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about supporting someone in an abusive relationship. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the link below. https://www.inspire.com/search/?group_id=200202&sec=all&query=su... Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with mental health. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: 
iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175991175,Couldn't fall asleep. Now I couldn't wake up. My sleep schedule is messed up.
175991176,Thank you ??’
175991177,"Didn’t eat. Had a redbull, but cooked fiancé eggs and toast."
175991178,"I was first diagnosed as a teenager back then it was called multipersonality disorder. I can map the year when most new personas appeared. Of course, I am not positive that I am aware of al of them. I think some psychs confuse bipolar with DiD or they crossover. I find some of the stronger more organized ones are very helpful and I miss them when I am alone with mainstay. #1 is emotionally stunted and depressed. I am happier when others show up to get me up and about again out of the dark pit and running around in life again feeling like I'm capable of anything. But the reckless one ,who I'm told can be a controlling bitch, who has no impulse control and spends money i don't have so once she's done with her escapades, #1 is left holding the bag. I don't feel it's fair that I get left with her mess to cler up it usually take years. It feels like I was along for ride but it wasn't me doing those stupid things. Like my identity was stolen, I shouldn't been held responsible for those credit card debts. 
Lol"
175991179,We are always here for you Blue_Bird. You mean the world to us!
175991180,Working on cream of asparagus soup. Will be eating soon.
175991181,"I did go to school but then I couldn't finish because I got ill. That was a long time ago, and I don't want to go through that again. It was such a waste of money because I didn't do anything with it. That is mostly why I want to get somewhere with this because I started it. I also had some bad experiences early on with getting help for 3D on forums. Recently I have been on another forum though and I might see if I can get someone to volunteer their experience to help me out, like a mentor or a guide."
175991182,Thanks!!!!
175991183,"Went 3 places today. To the pharmacy to pick up a medication (it's a controlled substance so can't be mailed like the rest will when they're ready) To the food pantry. My refrigerater is completely full and so are my cabinets now so I feel relieved about that And to the clinic to pick up the 4 weeks worth of vraylar. I still have 2 weeks leftover so now I have a total of 6 weeks worth. There's only one more thing I have to do this month that requires leaving the apartment, my therapy appointment on the 26th but I might see if we can reschedule or do a phone session instead since I want to stay inside as much as possible, and this is an urban area so there's always lots of people around"
175991184,Watching _NAME_ Wild Countdown show
175991185,"I’m really craving comforting foods like burger, pizza, or mac and cheese. Just want to eat my feelings. Since I can’t drink them away now lol. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175991186,"Happy Easter! Starting my day off with some coffee and podcasts. I still have to vacuum my room and take the trash out, then take a shower."
175991187,Will use that for future kids
175991188,I just spent an hour pacing back and forth due to fear to moving a cable inside the computer to the right a few centimeters. Thought it would electroshock me and I would die or be brain damaged. Should’ve maybe worn my esd bracelet but idk.
175991189,Mom said we are going to have taco's for dinner. Hmm. _PERSON_ Thursday?!! Doesn't sound the same as Taco Tuesday!
175991190,"Sorry for all that. Is there any way you can limit contact with her? I don't know if there's a step you could take along those lines? Or try to make a boundary first with her saying: ""We can discuss other things but NOT my mental health."" I wonder if that might help you."
175991191,It’s possible because today is day 1
175991192,Picking out lockets for pics of my sis......sad but I want something to remember her by.
175991193,Oh no! Sending positive thoughts y'all's way!
175991194,Crazy that my meds can substitute as a meal lol
175991195,I have to stop with the caffeine. Seriously this time. I finished up the bag of regular caffeine coffee today and am not buying more. If I'm craving coffee I can have decaf. I can't moderate myself with regular coffee because I'm always chasing that caffeine high feeling and all it does is cause panic attacks because I can't stop. It's like panic attacks in a liquid form.
175991196,If you’re taking four classes I would not get a job.....
175991197,"_PERSON_, I do not feel my meds are pooping out, as I have had meds do that before. With the schedule changes I have had to make and the fact that my dad is having some issues right now I think it may just be that. Yes since 2006 I have been on my meds every day. So I am feeling stable in that way My emotions are all over most likely due to stress and I know that is a very big factor in my stability. My doctor and I have talked and besides seeing him in person monthly I am on the same schedule, but sometimes one small change will through me off. The only way I feel different is being over emotional. This virus does not scare me as I have already had it and came through it in December, I have been tested for antibodies and have them so that is how we know for sure. So this virus has not been an issue for me or my family even in a higher risk category and an area where the risk is a bit higher. So I have been fine with it from the start. I hope others are coping well and know that we are all gonna be 
fine."
175991198,Because of the travel bans? The bfs brother was supposed to go to Costa Rica with the family and cancelled his trip.....I think it was a smart move.
175991199,I took Italian in college....wanted to know the language of my heritage
175991200,"It's good that you are seeing your doctor this week. Having a doctor is not a guarantee. We are very fortunate that we live in a time that we have doctors and good medicine. I've already told you the story about my mother's mother, who had bipolar in the 1920s, 30s and 40s, and there was no medicine during that time. They had to be treated at a central state mental hospital. And they had no medicine. We're being treated in our homes, not 100 miles from home with no medicine to help. As I said, she would go into people's medicine cabinets and take some of the pills, hoping one would help her. None of them did. But she could hope. We live in an era when there are many tablets that can help. We are very fortunate. You say, ""I have another appointment this week. May even ask about another antidepressant. There are so many options out there."" You know how your current antidepressant is working, so you would know how that's going. I was going to ask if you were still depressed, if your antidepressant w
as working, but you said your mood was OK, so I figured maybe that medicine was working. So I'm glad you brought up that subject. You said, ""From reading about bipolar many are not properly diagnosed until 10 plus years after symptoms. That is scary."" I've even seen it on webmd.com under the bipolar topic, one of the psychiatrists was getting onto the others, saying ""If your patients come in as depressed, determine if they are manic depressed before diagnosing them as depressed."" I mean, really? Misdiagnosed means miss-medicated. Means possible panic attacks, like I had when given only an antidepressant. And then when I would see him next appointment, he would say, ""Well, what have you been doing this week that would cause a panic attack?"" And you say, ""Also each episode causes brain damage?"" That could be a possibility. Let me tell you what a panic attack feels like. They started when I took my first antidepressant with no stabilizer. They would come 30 minutes after I had taken my antidepressant (wi
th no stabilizer to put a hold on the antidepressant). Right as I drifted off to sleep, I would wake up out of my mind. I would sit straight up in bed, And I wouldn't know where I was. I would think, there's no pill you can take for this. There's no tranquilizer, for I'm already out of my mind. Sometimes I would go to the ER. This went on for, several months or more? I would tell my psy., and he would say, ""Well, what have you been doing that would cause you to have anxiety attacks?"""
175991201,"I have christmas with my dad today, about 50 mins until I leave"
175991202,I'm enjoying Story of Seasons: Pioneers of _NAME_ Town
175991203,My sister bought me an Aztec calendar necklace one year when she was on vacation in Mexico
175991204,I feel soooo great. But I'm cold. Need to warm up. Gonna watch netflix
175991205,No sleep yet again... At an AA meeting before PHP. May not stay for the whole day of PHP... May head home and nap...
175991206,My psychologist suggested I try to join a support group for bipolar. There’s a local mood disorders support group has an online meeting once or twice a week. My social anxiety makes me not want to do it but I should try. Even just listening maybe. I think they have a meeting on Monday evening and Saturday afternoon. Hmm.
175991207,Geodon made me so tired I fell asleep sitting at a red light... It also started closing up my throat. So now I have to say I'm allergic and that it gives me anaphylaxis.
175991208,"Going to try and get 30,000 steps in tomorrow"
175991209,I'm sorry of on that train of thought too.
175991210,"Hi there, sorry I just joined Inspire otherwise I would've replied earlier! It's really unfair to feel this way - often I feel that way, too. Always there for them - especially for little things I did for others, then when something serious and major happens to me, and I am in a mental health crisis, and noone sees there's any problem. Or worse - thinking it's just 'being sad' and offering hurtful suggestions like 'just get over it' or 'it's just life' or 'grow up' or whatever. These comments really don't help, especially when they're coming from those i've supported for years, and now they clearly don't give a darn about me. So i'm very glad you reached out - could you provide more details as to what's going on? we're all here for you, and you're not alone. even if those around you don't care, all of us do - you deserve better than to be ignored. keep strong and keep fighting - youve got this!"
175991211,"We don't get any trick or treaters here at my complex. Even though doors open up right to the outside. I don't mind though, I really don't like people knocking on my door, it always scares me"
175991212,Who did you marry?
175991213,Yes that’s so true and there is nothing cute to distract you either....I think they have pickup everywhere at Walmart now but I didn’t realize it was like a locker.
175991214,"Yeah, I still have that. I have to start using positive affirmations. I keep saying things to myself like Possible trigger: I want to die, I want to end my life, I hate myself, I'm ugly, my apartment is a mess, I'm never gonna get anywhere in life, etc and that stuff is getting drilled into my subconscious over time and it's getting harder to believe/think anything else."
175991215,Thank you so much bb. I wouldn’t know where to begin to talk about the shytstorm yesterday.
174390108,"I'm sorry you are struggling with this. Since you posted this thread in the Schizophrenia and Psychosis forum, I presume Schizophrenia is something you've been diagnosed with? And, assuming that is the case, my thinking would be that the feelings you're experiencing regarding demons possessing you is related to your illness & is perhaps best treated via psych med's & perhaps mental health therapy. One additional thought I will offer you though is that the 11th century Tibetan Buddhist yogini _PERSON_ said: ""In other traditions demons are expelled externally. But in my tradition demons are accepted with compassion."" Perhaps one thing you might try, if you can, is to learn to simply allow your demons to be there (since they already are anyway) & to recognize that any thoughts they try to impose upon you about hurting others are things you can simply allow to arise & fade as they will without your having to act on them. This is a practice that is referred to as ""compassionate abiding"". Here's a li
nk to a description of the practice: Relieve Distress By Allowing It: Compassionate Abiding 101 | Mindset: Perspective Is Everything May it be of benefit."
175991216,"Alright, well I called them and scheduled one for today after 1:15 so I'll be walking down to the pharmacy soon to get it"
175991217,Someone is out to kill me.
175991218,Hi _PERSON_ you aren't invisible to me. I always enjoy your posts.
175991219,HT Sorry to hear you are having a tough time we are here for you mate. Pleased that you got out and had an awesome time. _PERSON_
175991220,I actually don’t know. I have to look.
175991221,"I feel so much stress. I'm overwhelmed by the amount of things that my open mindedness has sucked me into. I can't escape. I need to organize it all. When I try to organize it on the computer, I can't do the same in my head. Practicing mindfulness helps me but that means letting go of everything. I just hold onto it all and become forgetful - Can't explain things to anyone about the things that I do at the top of my head. It's killing me. I have to prepare what to say to everyone and I replay it all in my head over and over to near perfection - And then it doesn't go the way that I planned but good enough. That's how I function. And people keep putting me down and criticizing small details in my ability to try. It just makes me want to give up. I never knew that there was this realm outside of sleeping all day - No one criticized me then. Why now? I could easily just not care and be no one - But my strive is to be better and be happy - Because I sure as hell was depressed for many years."
175991222,Vegetable soup
175991223,"Being aware of what is going on with yourself is empowering I think and calming. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175991224,"I’m sorry you feel that way, bb. That makes me sad to hear. It’s highly likely a delusion, yes."
175991225,"I SH-_NAME_ a lot. A whole lot yesterday and today. Possible trigger: I should have gone to the ER for stitches but I didn't because I had to come to work to do payroll and now I think it is too many hours past. Crap! I need to go to the store and get more gauze and stuff. I'm a mess. I am not looking forward to telling my T's about this. Sucky thing is, I'm not even done. I'm in this freaked out paranoid state and nothing is calming me. Work is going okay today. There was stuff to do. A lot of changes in the new year and stuff but some of the stuff that was stressing me out has been resolved. Of course there's a new batch of stuff that is stressing me out but oh well. The only resolution I made this year is the same one I make every year: read my Bible every day. And every year I fail. This year I am using an app on my phone so hopefully that will make it easier, IDK though. I need to try to calm down but nothing seems to work. Thinking about taking some anti-anxiety medication but IDK. I don't wa
nt to get sleepy I just want this screaming that is going on in my head to stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Possible trigger: I feel like I want to throw myself against walls and stuff I don't know how I'm going to get out of this cycle. HUGS all, _PERSON_"
175991226,"Wow your post really hit home with me. I feel like everything you said in this post is almost as if I was talking about myself. I kind of make myself go on power mode for so long and then building building building in my head are all these worries, concern, embarrassment, self hate that a lot of people don’t know about it. Then I turn to drinking and I swear once every 3-4 months I seem to lose control, over drink... and make a fool out of myself. Idk how to break the cycle either. I have good/okay weeks and then the worst weekend ever with suicidal thoughts. Sometimes I feel like I have no one. Message me if you ever want to talk. I’m here if you ever need someone to listen"
175991227,HT
175991228,i saw something like that on Gizmodo about the DNA testing...you can’t have it both ways...ie they can’t be wrong and be used for law enforcement. The short answer is they’re right for the most part about your genetics but where they get it wrong is interpretation...a lot of them go too far in claims. For example bipolar hasn’t been shown to be genetic yet but they say I have a ten percent increase in my chances...that’s pretty inaccurate even though I have bipolar.
175991229,"My mom told me to get her charger out of the car because she was in her pijamas and I didn't want to because I knew that I wouldn't be able to find it and that I would have to go back again. I got the cord but then she said that she needed the block as well so I went back for a second time. Then she said that it was the wrong charger and that it's in the jeep and not the car. So I went into the jeep with her and she got it. I got mad and said that she could have just went out in her pjs and done it herself and I wouldn't have needed to take 3 trips outside. It's not cold out. She then says that ""I have a job and have to work in the morning"" and tries to make me feel bad about it and I said to stop bringing that up - and then she gaslights me and says that I'm being ""abusive"". Wtf? How much wine has she had tonight? I told her to not sulk afterwards but that's what she does. I hate her when she's drunk. I can't stand listening to her talking so slowly when she talks to me. She does this all of t
he time and talks so slowly half sober and half inebriated before she goes to bed. I'm not being abusive at all. She just gaslights me all the time. No wonder her relationship with my ex step dad was so toxic. She loves arguing and manipulating just like him. He used to make me do things all of the time that he could have easily done himself! All I was was a slave to their needs. I DID work my *** off when I was a teenager in a mechanics and welding shop and for what? Nothing. That's all I did - And sleep. I was neglected in isolation. That's why I get mad. She said that I'm abusive because she stopped being friends with her friend that was abusive to her. It's cuz her friend is jealous of my moms looks and her narcissism etc so my mom had that pop up in her awareness lately. So she's using that label on me - Probably for everything now. Histrionic is the worst **** because it's indirect and masked toxicity. I can't be around her all of the time I need a break. She cooks for me and does everything. I'm not de
aling with this **** anymore. I think she's friends with that coke addict again because she's bored and wants drama. She can kick me out idgaf. I'm going to get my drivers license and find a way to live on my own."
175991230,"It can be really tough when you have the voices constantly, I was lucky enough that meds reduced then eliminated them. I’m sorry that the meds aren’t working for you. Sometimes people talk back to the voices and it helps. Like if they say you’re bad you say no actually I’m a very good person etc. Often the negative voices are more like a broken record than a conversation though so they can be hard to talk to."
175991231,Yup. Bi polar mixed mood best describes me. I cycle thru them...less rapid cycling these days... More in terms of mixed morning afternonn evening. More aggitated and manic in tje evenings. HT
175991232,I couldn’t bring myself to tell my mother what’s going on... we were talking about something else and I couldn’t do it. I’m a coward when it comes to these things. It took me forever to tell her about my psychosis before. Like a year... But I took the Latuda. I’ll try again to say something.
175991233,well our governor is saying closures could last up to 9 months and 80% of the population will get the virus. It's going to be a loooooong year. Thankful for videogames and being fairly agoraphobic to begin with.
175991234,"The song ""Nate - NF"" explains that well too. It's one of my favourite rap songs."
174390131,Looking back at meds I was on while psychotic and manic... I don't remember any of this 20mg of Abilify 30mg of Zyprexa 30mg of Paxil Not all at once but at various times
175991235,"On a good note, I've found that most mental health providers don't talk too fast, thankfully. But the ones that do need to stop talking too fast. They must get out of that bad habit. More On Chronic Illness Growing Through Adversity Living With Chronic Pain"
175991236,Target near me is selling a big box of 100 crayola colored pencils for $14.99. I am sorely tempted!
175991237,I'm extremely bummed. The apartment we are going to isnt an upgraded unit. That's probably why its 810 a month....super super bummed af. I wouldve been ok paying 880 for an upgraded unit.
175991238,_AT_MENTION_ Oh folding laundry is the worst for me.
175991239,"I think that is one of the symptoms of mania or hypomania. In which case, it's not under your control at the moment and try not to think of it as you are being annoying, but that you are suffering from MI right now that is making you chatty. IDK if that helps? _PERSON_"
175991240,"So I was just going to share this because I thought it was funny. We’re in the car and my phone doesnt announce from google maps when plugged in for some reason so I asked to use the bfs phone. I was like do you have google maps he’s like no I normally just google in the browser. So I open safari and get the following message....you have 500 tabs open would you like to close those older than the last month. So I tell him you have 500 tabs open and he’s like what? Just open safari....I’m like it won’t let me since you have five hundred tabs open so he grabs the phone to see for himself, closes all the tabs and opens google maps. He totally had the app the whole time. I just couldn’t believe he had five hundred tabs...apparently he thought he was closing them the whole time lol."
175991241,Chicken noodle soup
175991242,I’m not sure honestly. But if I can get anything that’d be good. I’d rather not sacrifice my disability right now by filing for unemployment. Since it raises red flags and I’m not doing the best right now.
175991243,"Finally got the call from my doc. He’s busy, I understand. Told him what’s going on. Basically everything is going fine with working from home, I’m studying from home, I’m getting out of the house sometimes while still being safe and socially distanced wearing a mask, not going back to the gym yet because of things, and not showering regularly. He gave me some advice similar to what my psychologist said and said to make sure I have separation between my work office and the rest of my living space so I’m not overwhelmed with the thought of work. My desk is in the corner of the room so it’s easy enough to ignore on my time off so I should be okay. So he says I sound like I’m doing okay except for the showering part, and I’ll talk to him again in a couple months! No med changes or adjustments needed. Just shower more, listen to my psychologist, and... don’t stress hahaha. Oh, and take my meds!"
175991244,That's so upsetting and sad.
175991245,Hi I agree as I have also seen good and bad therapists so it’s important to find one that you are comfortable with and feel that you can work with them. _PERSON_
175991246,"I think I'm going to distract myself for the rest of the day and just move on from it, keep going forward"
175991247,Had oatmeal and a banana for breakfast
175991248,"Of course, if you're going to be breast feeding, any medication would need to be cleared by doctor as okay. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175991249,"I’m from _NAME_, I have depression and anxiety which is normally kept maintained by medicine. For some reason when me and my fiancé get into disagreements it triggers my anxiety and depression. We had a really bad night last night and I cut myself from how bad I had messed up. Then today my family is blaming me for the reason why they haven’t had much to do with me. I’m tired of me being the one messing up. I want a break from life"
175991250,Great news about your Dad!
175991251,I'm so sorry that your husband passed away. HUGS. I can't even imagine the pain you must be going through. I'm glad your Mother lives nearby to help you. I can understand not sleeping well and things like that. Grief is hard to endure. You have my deepest sympathy for your loss. HUGS _PERSON_
175991252,"If I remember correctly, this isn’t the first time you feel unwell after taking weed the day before."
175991253,"_PERSON_ might graduate from the training program by the end of this month. He has to do one more thing (observation of someone getting fired). But he said, they want him to relocate. So if he graduates to manager at the end of this month, I gotta start looking to live elsewhere. They also won’t pay for us. If we don’t move from here for another year, he’ll be driving 3 hours (back + forth) or more 4-5 hours, just to goto work, everyday. So idk what to do..."
175991254,Just see if an day person can come in your house don’t just put her in an mental hospital she is an person and she has feelings an an voice see if they have an day program so she can stay at home with family I know how that feels my stepparent is verbally emotionally abused towards me bc of my Mild Cerebral palsy and constantly comparing me to my siblings because they can do more things like move out etc I cannot even begin to tell you what exactly he has said about me and still does
175991255,Took a shower Drinking some herbal tea Did some yoga Ate a good meal
175991256,26 miles on the bike at dawn. Spectacular sunrise on the water and behind the mountain. Have to keep exercising.
175991257,^Wow. An epiphany. Thank you!
175991258,Keep reading that word always as “gooch “ but I know it’s like “gwash”.
175991259,"Have a phone appointment with my therapist later this afternoon. Looking forward to it. I'm going to my sister's tomorrow for Thanksgiving because she doesn't want me to be here alone on the holidays. I got a gift certificate to get a free half gallon of milk from a local store so I'm going to redeem that on my way home. I needed milk anyway because I have no money and my slimfast shakes need milk, and so does the instant pudding packet I got. And for pancakes if I want to make those. I woke up so disoriented and dizzy this morning I almost fell over on my way to the bathroom. Feeling fine now though. Maybe it was just a med hangover. I might play my ukulele later"
175991260,I think you are too....
175991261,The Holidays are Here--_NAME_
175991262,"Feel better. Found a cute game to help with anxiety, only takes 60 seconds: A 60-second meditation tool to help clear your mind"
175991263,I being alone
175991264,"Thank you so much for this! This was extremely helpful, and I really appreciate you taking the time out to not only read my post, but to also ask your husband for advice. I will take this into much consideration. Thank you again!"
175991265,I’m trying to go parnet
175991266,"On Aug 30, 2018 I received a call from my brother that I knew instantly would change my life and our relationship forever. The first words that came out of his mouth were ""you know I love you, right?""...it was completely out of character. He then hung up on me. I knew something was wrong so I called my parents cell phone. My dad answered and stood my mom was at home, she was sleeping after a dental procedure and he would go check on her and my brother after work. This wasn't good enough for me... little detail is that I am in California and they are in New Mexico. I called my brother back and he told me you don't have to worry about mom and I will take care of dad... to save on horrifying details, my brother murdered my mom. I have been going to counseling for almost 2 years now due to this. And because I am the first person he called I am the main witness in the murder case and I have to stand trial not only against my mother's murderer but my brother. I have so many mixed emotions on how to dea
l with my feelings towards my brother and want to know if anyone has advice on dealing with grieving losing an alive family member (aside from counseling, which was suggested I join a support group)?"
175991267,For tactile I use touch...something unusual like a hair brush or scrub brush over my arm....it usually feels so intense it breaks the tactile hallucination....
175991268,"Hi. I'm in a pickle. I'll explain slowly and see what you all think. I had been on lexapro for years at 20mg. When I fell pregnant it wasn't effective, my anxiety hit the roof and it was hell. As I wanted another baby one day, when I felt okish I decided to wean of the escitalopram and take venlafaxine as my sister has just had a baby on it successfully. After 9 days of being on venlafaxine I just couldn't cope anymore. The first couple of days I felt really sick and had hot sweats, then I had intense headaches and migraines, when I looked at my computer screen it was like all the font was protruding out and I'd look at the wall and I can still see the font, sounds wierd I know. Then by day 4/5 came the crippling anxiety. When I was younger I was severly sexually assaulted and while that was happening, he kept on telling me I was 'crap' and 'my life was crap' over and over. It got stuck in my head for ages like it was on repeat. Think it was all connected to the stress of what had happened, but whe
n ever I get anxiety, these thoughts come back, which heightens my anxiety even more. After 9 days on venlafaxine, my doctor switched me back to lexapro at 20mg, no tapering, took it for three days and felt like a rattle snake for the next doctor to tell me to take 10mg, I took that for 8 days felt no better at all and for the last 3 days I've taken 15mg. My doctors have prescribed me with zopiclone to sleep took it for 4 days, didn't work. They've now given me 5mg of diazepam once a day, previously had 2mg twice a day. They've given me 50mg of trazodone to help me sleep. I still feel awful. I was in AnE last week as I didn't feel I could cope with any of it anymore. Every one keeps telling me it will get better. But it doesnt. My heart beats so hard in my chest I feel like I'm vibrating. My arms feel like they are on fire. I'm terrified I'm stuck like this."
175991269,I hope I never lose interest in meds cuz that means I have lost interest in life itself
175991270,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ yes I've been eating, I think it's probably related to meds"
175991271,It absolutely is.....
175991272,I spent a few hours learning about day trading. I searched up the stock market first and then crypto - Cuz everyone's buying crypto. More advanced people with millions of dollars just short the thing while regular beginner people long it - Then the opposite happens. There's many tools and terminology for reading the candle sticks but I've been watching a few YouTube videos saying that you only need like 3-4 strategies otherwise it gets too complicated. I'll spend a few days learning and then trade with 50 dollars or so and play it out. I will make sure to take many breaks so I don't fry my antipsychotic brain -;
174390173,"I'm going to try making these lemon bars in a couple weeks. For a summery dessert. I'll definitely give some to my sister for her to bring home to share with my niece and brother-in-law. That's the good thing about having family to share stuff with, I can just have her pick up stuff I make and I don't have to have unnecessary leftovers at home tempting me Lemon Bars Recipe | Taste of Home"
175991273,"Still absolutely spoiled and rambunctious as ever. No I did not though I read of a small handful of celebrities that do and speculation of ones that may have such as _PERSON_. Hah! I'm glad you are too; and yes _NAME_ has a lovely, natural, charm as well. <3"
175991274,"Got a shower and washed my hair Blow dryed and straightened hair put on perfume, necklace and bracelet Ate cereal for breakfast."
175991275,"who the hell is _NAME_ he must have materialized straight out of a marvel superhero/villain movie if he's orchestrated a worldwide cataclysm just to help his girlfriend get away with something i don't understand conspiracy theories. what powerful person or entity would go to the trouble of orchestrating extremely elaborate and long-term global schemes and intricate alliances and endless networks of dubious reward, when plain-old opportunism is so much easier and readily profitable at any given moment or place? conspiracies exist, but i'm pretty sure they're almost always a byproduct of either opportunism or paranoia anyway. the ones that aren't just don't make sense -- 07 Apr 2020, 03:49 -- That's not a pandemic. That's a tuesday."
175991276,I can hardly eat much anymore. I eat like half a sandwich and am full for 5 or 6 hours. Quite a big difference to when I was on Seroquel and couldn't stop eating
175991277,"Back in 2016, I could count on one hand the kinds of interventions that technology companies were willing to use to rid their platforms of misinformation, hate speech, and harassment. Over the years, crude mechanisms like blocking content and banning accounts have morphed into a more complex set of tools, including quarantining topics, removing posts from search, barring recommendations, and down-ranking posts in priority. And yet, even with more options at their disposal, misinformation remains a serious problem. There was a great deal of coverage about misinformation on Election Day—my colleague _NAME_ found, for example, that when Twitter tried to deal with content using the hashtag #BidenCrimeFamily, with tactics including “de-indexing” by blocking search results, users including _NAME_ adapted by using variants of the same tag. But we still don’t know much about how Twitter decided to do those things in the first place, or how it weighs and learns from the ways users react to moderatio
n. What actions did these companies take? How do their moderation teams work? What is the process for making decisions? As social media companies suspended accounts and labeled and deleted posts, many researchers, civil society organizations, and journalists scrambled to understand their decisions. The lack of transparency about those decisions and processes means that—for many—the election results end up with an asterisk this year, just as they did in 2016. What actions did these companies take? How do their moderation teams work? What is the process for making decisions? Over the last few years, platform companies put together large task forces dedicated to removing election misinformation and labeling early declarations of victory. _NAME_, a professor at UCLA, has written about the invisible labor of platform content moderators as a shadow industry, a labyrinth of contractors and complex rules which the public knows little about. Why don’t we know more? In the post-election fog, social media has beco
me the terrain for a low-grade war on our cognitive security, with misinformation campaigns and conspiracy theories proliferating. When the broadcast news business served the role of information gatekeeper, it was saddled with public interest obligations such as sharing timely, local, and relevant information. Social media companies have inherited a similar position in society, but they have not taken on those same responsibilities. This situation has loaded the cannons for claims of bias and censorship in how they moderated election-related content. Bearing the costs In October, I joined a panel of experts on misinformation, conspiracy, and infodemics for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I was flanked by _NAME_, an ex-CIA analyst; _NAME_, a disinformation fellow at the _NAME_ Center; and _NAME_, head of analysis at Graphika. As I prepared my testimony, Facebook was struggling to cope with QAnon, a militarized social movement being monitored by their dangerous-organizations department and 
condemned by the House in a bipartisan bill. My team has been investigating QAnon for years. This conspiracy theory has become a favored topic among misinformation researchers because of all the ways it has remained extensible, adaptable, and resilient in the face of platform companies' efforts to quarantine and remove it. QAnon has also become an issue for Congress, because it’s no longer about people participating in a strange online game: it has touched down like a tornado in the lives of politicians, who are now the targets of harassment campaigns that cross over from the fever dreams of conspiracists to violence. Moreover, it’s happened quickly and in new ways. Conspiracy theories usually take years to spread through society, with the promotion of key political, media, and religious figures. Social media has sped this process through ever-growing forms of content delivery. QAnon followers don’t just comment on breaking news; they bend it to their bidding. Sign up for The Outcome - A newsletter on U
S election integrity and technology. Enter your email, get the newsletter Sign up Stay updated on MIT Technology Review initiatives and events? Yes No I focused my testimony on the many unnamed harms caused by the inability of social media companies to prevent misinformation from saturating their services. Journalists, public health and medical professionals, civil society leaders, and city administrators, like law enforcement and election officials, are bearing the cost of misinformation-at-scale and the burden of addressing its effects. Many people tiptoe around political issues when chatting with friends and family, but as misinformation about protests began to mobilize white vigilantes and medical misinformation led people to downplay the pandemic, different professional sectors took on important new roles as advocates for truth. Take public health and medical professionals, who have had to develop resources for mitigating medical misinformation about covid-19. Doctors are attempting to become online infl
uencers in order to correct bogus advice and false claims of miracle cures—taking time away from delivering care or developing treatments. Many newsrooms, meanwhile, adapted to the normalization of misinformation on social media by developing a “misinformation beat”—debunking conspiracy theories or fake news claims that might affect their readers. But those resources would be much better spent on sustaining journalism rather than essentially acting as third-party content moderators. Related Story Thank you for posting: Smoking’s lessons for regulating social media Former Facebook executives admit they used the tobacco industry’s playbook for addictive products. Perhaps it can also be used to undo the damage. Civil society organizations, too, have been forced to spend resources on monitoring misinformation and protecting their base from targeted campaigns. Racialized disinformation is a seasoned tactic of domestic and foreign influence operations: campaigns either impersonate communities of color o
r use racism to boost polarization on wedge issues. _NAME_ testified about these issues at a congressional hearing in June, highlighting how tech companies hide behind calls to protect free speech at all costs without doing enough to protect Black communities targeted daily on social media with medical misinformation, hate speech, incitement, and harassment. Election officials, law enforcement personnel, and first responders are at a serious disadvantage attempting to do their jobs while rumors and conspiracy theories spread online. Right now, law enforcement is preparing for violence at polling places. A pathway to improve When misinformation spreads from the digital to the physical world, it can redirect public resources and threaten people’s safety. This is why social media companies must take the issue as seriously as they take their desire to profit. But they need a pathway to improve. Section 230 of the Communications and Decency Act empowers social media companies to improve content moderation, but p
oliticians have threatened to remove these protections so they can continue with their own propaganda campaigns. All throughout the October hearing, the specter loomed of a new agency that could independently audit civil rights violations, examine issues of data privacy, and assess the market externalities of this industry on other sectors. As I argued during the hearing, the enormous reach of social media across the globe means it is important that regulation not begin with dismantling Section 230 until a new policy is in place. Until then, we need more transparency. Misinformation is not solely about the facts; it’s about who gets to say what the facts are. Fair content moderation decisions are key to public accountability. Rather than hold on to technostalgia for a time when it wasn’t this bad, sometimes it is worth asking what it would take to uninvent social media, so that we can chart a course for the web we want—a web that promotes democracy, knowledge, care, and equity. Otherwise, every unexplai
ned decision by tech companies about access to information potentially becomes fodder for conspiracists and, even worse, the foundation for overreaching governmental policy."
175991278,"Hello _NAME_ I just found you here after reading your remarks from _NAME_, but I wanted to use this thread to welcome you. Your aspirations to encourage and inspire others are much needed here, so welcome, and God speed!"
175991279,Generally do something with another person first....it reduces the anxiety.....
175991280,"My March goals are to: -Finish my embroidery project -Read -Get out of the house (sit outside or take a walk) at least 4 times per week -Call about treadmills -Find out about replacement mattress cover -Play The Sims 4 (I know this is a weird goal but I want to start using my Xbox more) -Color more/do more arts and crafts I'd also like to get my sleep schedule back on track. I'm in the process of tapering off thorazine so hopefully I can start sleeping less and not all day anymore. Oh, and use positive affirmations to try and work on changing the horrible negative thoughts I have."
175991281,"""aripiprazole might also have the potential to precipitate a manic episode in certain patients."" ""The atypical antipsychotic drug aripiprazole (Abilify, Abilify Maintena, Aristada) may trigger loss of impulse control, leading to ""compulsive or uncontrollable urges to gamble, binge eat, shop, and have sex,"""
175991282,"I took my prescribed. They send it in the mail. I haven't been taking vitamins, etc. I know something is wrong."
175991283,I don’t often hear voices but when I do it’s usually a whisper in my ear. Like it sounds like a person but not a specific person and it sounds outside of my head.
175991284,Spiders? I didn’t see any weirdo bugs there just banana slugs.
175991285,"I was 19 and they yanked out all 4 teeth. I was like, meehhh I thought it was weird and imagined pictures in my head of myself being unconscious and breathing Possible trigger: with blood going down my throat > : ) _PERSON_ you'll be fine bb"
175991286,Ok cool!
175991287,"_PERSON_ said... If you're feeling happy, you're probably thinking that the present as well as your future looks good. If you're feeling dreadful, very nervous, and panicky, then maybe you're thinking that not only is the present bad, but your future looks bad too (not to say that your future actually looks bad). Maybe that's why you feel suicidal only when you're feeling dread and panicky, _PERSON_. It's just my theory. Exactly. So basically I can be happy and feel fine 364 days of the year and not have any of those thoughts, but the minute I have that anxiety attack the feeling of dread and those weird thoughts come. To me it’s just your mind not wanting to be in the situation at that time leading to weird intrusive thoughts. Then I’m happy and fine for several months without those thoughts and the little anxiety that comes from time to time is easy to manage. Then a bad one hits and in that moment those weird feelings come. The hardest part IMO is feeling guilty about it for the next week or 
so and obsessing why I thought like that in that moment. That’s why I added the post that I don’t think of ways to do it, I just feel like I could be stuck in that moment of panic forever and that dread sets in."
175991288,Not sure. Within 7 days though. Hopefully doesn’t take forever. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175991289,"I ordered a few treats for myself. Cookies, tea, and coffee."
175991290,tempted to ask my doc about long acting injectables
175991291,Are you okay? Did you want to talk about it?
175991292,A band I like called Turnover.
175991293,"I have ringing in the ears or tinnitus. I got it from firing the rifle on the rifle range with no ear protection. Do you know how yours started? Does your tinnitus also lead to being sensitive to noise and hearing loss? Mine has. What can help me, with the being able to hear a little better for a little while, is putting an ice gel pack on one ear for about 30 or 40 seconds, and then the other ear. It reduces the inflammation as does such cold on the lower back, etc., during back pain. Also helping to calm the ears is an extended length heating pad, which rushes oxygen and nutrients to the injured area, such as the lower back and the ears. My technique for this is, to moisten the pad's cloth insert, or a small kitchen, etc., towel, wring out the excess water, put the heating pad on high on top of a pillow, put the moist towel on top of the pad, lay my right ear on the pad and wrap the other end of the pad around the back of my head and over my top ear. Again, with an extended length heating pad, bo
th ears are getting the benefit of the moist heat. It is psychologically and physically soothing. I lay like that from 5 or 10 minutes to 30 minutes. Sometimes I even go to sleep and may wake up an hour later. I can also do this when I lay down to sleep. Sometimes when my ears are bothering me, I tell myself, if your ears are really bothering you, why don't you get up and put the heating pad on your ears? Sometimes I don't want to do that, but it gives me a reason to quit worrying about it so much if I don't feel like getting up and putting the heating pad on my ears. I would also not go around a certain level of noise, for, in my case, lead to sensitive ears to noise. I would not go to rock concerts, or listen to music over a certain level, or ride in airplanes. I would not use a lawn mower or chain saw, or other loud equipment. High pitched warning bells on ovens and cars, car alarms, backup beepers, are all beyond me. If you already have tinnitus, I would not keep testing my ears around those.Post Edited (
_NAME_) : 12/28/2020 11:48:43 AM (GMT-7)"
175991294,It’s happened 4 times in two months. All of the sudden my heart starts beating fast and then uncontrollably shaking. Feels like a seizure and I just pull over. My doctor just gave me _PERSON_ and I’m going to try it. I’ve had anxiety but never did it make me shake so bad
175991295,yes. needed it too
175991296,"After trying to be evil for a few days: I give up. I just can't be evil, that's how I am. I will continue lying less than normal people, I will continue helping people even if this has negative conseqences for me. People will lough at me when I run into such consequences. (At least managers - I hat to interact a lot with managers recently and on that level lying equals professional talking, while telling the truth equals stupid stammering ... One authentic sentence can be an outing of being an authentic fool that damages all trust in you, when the skars smell the slightest blood of a true person ...). However, although I realized that lying is not morally superior, but inferior in terms of social skills. I just can't, so I won't. And the good thing is: Only people around me that can stand authenticity will stay around me. Incl. my job (I quit the job with the above mentioned all-day-lying-managers). Birdbirdbird, does it support you in your topic, when I share my own confusion about it ? The moment 
when I realized that a sufficient amount of lying means good social behavior and lack of lying is bad social behavior (too much maybe as well), was when I read a book from an experienced professor about personality disorders. When he explained ""manipulation"" he pointed out that humans are constantly manimupating, constantly sending ""pictures"" to other people. The jacket you wear, the bike or car or whatever (skateboard ? you ride, the way you walk and talk. Everything is subconsciously filled with manipulations to put images into the heads of people around you (incl. yourself). So manipulating IS social behavior. And lying is just one color in the huge palette of manipulation. Maybe religions that claim lying to be a sin, if you live in a region that was shaped by such a religion, gave our society a wrong understanding of lying. Lying is good, it saves people from harm. That doesn't mean that petreyal is good. But lying alone doesn't make petreyal bad, it's the petreyal that makes it bad, right ? (Know wh
at I mean ?). Hope you can resonate with some of my thoughts."
175991297,Can u give me til tomorrow to draw that thing? I'm tired af.
175991298,Chocolate deluxe protein bar
175991299,"I understand how you're feeling. I lack confidence when speaking to people. I often get bashful, and then get anxious that the person/people I'm speaking to will notice. My heart sometimes races in rare occurrences. I can sympathize with not being able to think straight or speak freely especially in arguments with my husband, as I dislike confrontation. It makes me feel ""stupid"" as well. Some things I do to overcome these feelings is taking a moment to gather my thoughts before I speak. Or, if I know I have to go talk to someone I'll do something before hand to calm my nerves like deep breathing. It doesn't always work, but it is worth it if it helps sometimes. It all depends on the person or situation for me. I am also a 36 year old teacher with one child!"
175991300,Current flowers.....
175991301,Pillowcases are cheap buy 7 and use a fresh one each day....that’s what I had to do when I had more acne.....
175991302,It's almost the end of Lent. I did good. I kept my promise to God. But I am not in a good headspace right now. Feeling totally effed up. Totally wanna go all self destructive on myself too. Don't know what is the matter with me. I'm ridiculous! UGH. So frustrated right now. I have reached out to friends like three times this week. I don't want to do it again and be like all pathetic and stuff. Can't get out of this headspace though. My brain is on fire.
175991303,Totally craving a burger but it’s dark out....hmmmm....I mean I have my frozen pizza but now I want meat. I could order doordash but it would be pricey.
175991304,"Practicing lettering Attached Images IMG_2747.jpg (315.5 KB, 7 views)"
175991305,_AT_MENTION_ Tripper have you tried Trazodone? It's an older anti-depressant that works well for sleep. Maybe ask your doctor about it. It has helped me.
175991306,Same but remember that you matter maybe try telling your family and do virtual counseling
175263835,"Take care of her! Take as much time as you want and need with her. This is not something you can rush in and out of. She’s vulnerable and emotional. You can’t put a ticking time on how much time , you think you can heal your daughter, then send her back out to be independent. She’ll be dead before you know it! Living in the country where it’s quiet might drive her insane as like you mentioned she loves the city and noise and being surrounded by people and admiring the atmosphere and being vibrant and exciting. I don’t know? You gotta give up your habits to make your daughter feel at home. How do you get along with animals than with people??! Lol. Start slow. Very slow and find common interest to make her happy and then yourself happy. Even if it’s a super tiny smile do you what you guys think it’s best at that moment. She may never bounce back depression? It’ll take a long time but be sure you two are safe. Hope that advice help. I’m not mental but I too am 28 yrs old and relie on 
my mother for everything as I hit rock bottom myself and still am at the bottom. ( I have psoriasis) Good luck and blessings. Your friend:)"
175991307,My worst fear is that reality never ends
175991308,"I hear you _AT_MENTION_. I have to volunteer tonight at my Church, to do the books, I don't feel like going to do that. But people are going to want their paychecks so I better go!"
175991309,Exactly. Can't handle a drag queen or a transgender women/man dressing the gender they feel they are.
175991310,Hi HT. Don't stress. Remain positive and take it o e day at s time. HT.
175991311,Feeling great. I think the Zoloft has finally kicked in.
175991312,Sorry bluebird but it’s good you haven’t had to take one in a while....
175991313,Careful das a hefty dose of olanzepine. Sometimes 10mg may be all you need =]
175991314,Thank you I will look into that . More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health
175991315,Hi Yes it’s an anxious time for all of us with regards to Coronavirus but you are doing the right things by reducing your news intake. Have a look at our resources for some good links to self help sites on the web I find the Mindfulness links really good so maybe start there. _PERSON_
175991316,What do u mean? a lock?
175991317,I opened my last stick last night because I was losing it. We've been locked up for over 2 weeks so far. Maybe 3. I'm not hopeful about the month of April. May 1st maybe. I was feeling insane and I wanted to kill my roommates. I usually do but I'm safe enough not to do it. So I opened my last one and it's such a beautiful feeling. It's calming and makes me more sane. I am losing brain power left and right though. It's only going to last a couple of more days because I can't control myself so well. Next I don't know what I'll do. Maybe a small envelope with a bit of padding. It has to look innocent and unimportant. Any packing ideas? I'd love more of them. I hope everyone's ok.
175991318,Yeah the mechanism for that is through ampk or something but no one knows how it actually works exactly...I mainly wondered if it affected you psychologically because ampk in the brain can regulate hunger and APs I can’t remember if it’s phosphorylation or dephosphorylation but they do the opposite but make you super hungry.
175991319,Not in the mood to clean but I have to
175991320,"Hey _PERSON_, I'm doing well , thanks for asking Having a pretty good day, I hope work goes by fast for you"
175991321,"Hey you, I have had the same problem my entire life. I am the first person to reach out because I eventually do get a message saying what has happened did i lose you forever. My ""close friends"" from school took advantage of me. It was not until college and getting into the work force that I found those that noticed if i did not start a conversation. It all takes time. Sometimes we have to be the person that reaches out first because they may feel like they will bother you if they reach out first."
175991322,"Just so anxious about this stuff, annoyed it's taking so long."
175991323,"If my sleep doesn't get back to normal by Monday I'll probably go ahead and get my prescription for ambien filled, I've avoided taking it but sleep is important and since my thorazine was decreased I'm not getting much"
175991324,"I don’t think it does for me. Given my situation I think it’s everything going on...lost my job, my fiancé is having heart issues, my 73 year old dad is on the frontline as an essential worker (I’ve been in contact with him everyday and ordered him masks), and of course this COVID 19 stuff."
175991325,It probably is. My back isssues are why no position is comfortable enough for me except lying completely straight.
175991326,I find that it’s better to have an eating schedule instead of eating when hungry.
175991327,I'm going to the vet tomorrow too
175991328,I'm probably going to end up in the hospital again by the end of today
175991329,Hi Rich. I also have anxiety about leaving the house but I push myself everyday to get out and about usually for a walk because I can put my headphones in and zone out to music whilst out walking which seems to help with the anxiety. I can also relate re driving and I get intrusive thoughts whilst driving which cause me anxiety I also hate driving at night so I completely avoid doing that were possible. _PERSON_
175991330,"Emotions anonymous is something that was recommended to me by my therapist. Multiple countries, time zones and meeting options. They are all virtual right now because of covid, but you can go to meetings via phone, chatroom, zoom...heck you can even go via fax!"
175991331,God I feel sad
175991332,"I know how you feel. I'm nervous to step out of my home and get the mail. I've been avoiding the news as much as possible. I do not watch it constantly as I use to. I now read headlines just to be aware, but I don't read the details; this has helped me alot. I also started crocheting again and reading. Having a hobby to distract you can help. Also, reaching out to friend and relatives helped me also. There are now free mental health services where you can speak to a therapist. I think I'm going to do that. It sometime helps speaking to an unbiased professional."
175991333,The _PERSON_ are so pretty......
175991334,"Why is it that I can go so long without feeling hungry, but when I sit down at home, and eat a large sandwich, afterwards, I feel like I'm starving?"
175991335,Oh I forget it was like 1-2 years ago or 3
174390263,"You go, newtus. I totally support you in this. I believe psychology has created some tools and schools that have been helpful to many, but, I alsoe believe its reliance on this ridculous, 1600s-era concept of ""the mind"" and ""the psyche"" has dramatically slowed progress for patients with these illnesses. I know it is an unpopular belief I have, but until we all recognize that bipolar disorder and schizophrenia are diseases of the human brain and that the human brain is an actual organ of the human body with specific electorchemical and endocrine functions and processes that can be slowly understood through real, sicientific research, we will continue practicing like _NAME_ in an SNL sketch about medieval doctors using gnomes and toads to cure us all."
175991336,No HAHA but I'm good at training people even tho it's not my favorite thing to do
175991337,Taste the rainbow...
175991338,Two is just as bad as one it's the loneliest number since the number one
175991339,"Just had a restless nap, still satisfying in the end though."
175991340,"Thank you, that makes me feel better about taking it"
175991341,"I'm happy and crazy and feel sad. I'm snappy and lazy and mad. People will try to take me out for having these feelings, thoughts but it doesn't matter cuz I'm out of control. It is ok. To be out of control. I can't wake up, I can't sleep (Without pills!) Problems, problems everywhere... Connect us together... This whole thing will make me or break me. Either way, if I'm broken, I will be reborn. That's what you all must understand. It will be ok either way - If you accept..."
175991342,I took my Rx & will take my supplements later.
175991343,"Does anyone else feel like their psychiatrists/doctors think that problems with mental health aren't as important now because of the virus and economy? For myself, I've been just putting off talking to my doctor about meds and talking about my general wellbeing because everyone is going through a lot with job loss, staying inside, fear of the government like martial law and the virus, money, family, etc.. Maybe I'm thinking of this the wrong way. Like I don't matter. And I notice that other people realize that they don't matter. I suggest that people talk about it on social media. That mental health doesn't get weaker because of the economy.. Like I mean the government makes cuts to mental health workers because of the lack of money.. And mental health can be bad because of the economy and people not being happy with their jobs, etc.. Then we find out that shrooms and ketamine help with depression and MDMA helps with PTSD... Government made them illegal.. Cuz they make people think about existence.
. Especially weed... It makes me think that now all these substances are becoming legal, martial law will come into effect.. Most of me thinks that the virus is more serious than we think... I'd just like to be optimistic about it all.. But there's a small paranoid part of me that clings to what the psychedelics told me.. But they didn't really tell me what I already don't know.. Something deep in our egos and souls about the paradox.. Which a lot of people don't seem to get because they can be atheists or follow cults.. I should just create art.. But I don't know how in this environment.. It's what I'd love to do before I lose my intelligence and creativity... The little bit that I have left =P"
175991344,Beautiful pics SP
175991345,"I'm weighing the pros and cons of getting off antipsychotics and just staying on my mood stabilizer and antidepressants. Pros are losing weight, possible reversal of TD symptoms, sleeping less. Cons are basically ending up unstable Even though the con is only one thing versus the 3 positives I think it might outweigh the positives."
175991346,"This is video game related but also MH related. I’ve been playing this, World of Warcraft, for 4 days now, and besides it being the best game I think I’ve ever played in my life... it has also helped my mental health quite a bit. It’s an MMORPG from 2004, but still stands as one of the greatest mmo’s and rpg’s still out today. You can literally do WHATEVER you want in the game. Literally. It’s like a cross between animal crossing, Pokémon, gta, etc I mean aspect and facet-wise. _PERSON_ I even found a mental health WoW group/guild on there. I mean the possibilities are literally endless of what you can do. I wish I had gotten into it sooner. Much much much sooner. _PERSON_ actually introduced me to it. I was hesitant to try it because it was from 2004 but they apparently still come out with expansion packs today etc all kinds of stuff for the game every year because it’s a game that’s still very high in demand and has one of the most loyal fanbases. Oh! I could go on! Anyway, I hav
e seen a reduction in my anxiety and depression so far, playing it. I was able to go out and vote yesterday when I thought I absolutely wasn’t gonna be able to go at all like 99% thought that. I was able to goto other stores too. I know it’s only been four days so far or 5. But I can see some really good potential in this game for self-care. If y’all are wondering what you can do in the game, well... ANYTHING you want. You can farm, have pets, do quests, receive mail, join guilds and communities, have pet battles, do raids, fight bosses, meet friends, I mean ugh. That’s not even touching the tip of the iceberg and it can be overwhelming in the sense that there’s literally THOUSANDS of things you can do in the game. And I like that you arent forced to do things in a certain manner. It’s open world, so you explore the world as u want. Not to mention the game has like 5 or 6 continents and like 10 cities in each continent, probably more! I liked that I was able to explore the forest and catch any ani
mal I wanted to, to be my pet. I got a fox, wolf, owl, and cat so far. I caught the cat in town."
175991347,I am doing well this morning. _PERSON_ on the treadmill and meditated. Now going to talk to a friend.
175991348,"Doing okay today. Just didn't make it to my creative writing group yet again. I am having trouble finding friends in this world. That is a challenge, for sure, especially during these times. I was going to go to a writing meetup in a park on Sunday but I'm not sure if I'm going to do that now. I am too anxious about it."
175991349,Yes definitely!
175991350,"Awe, poor baby. She looks so much like my _NAME_!"
175991351,Yeah sleeping all day kinda feelings like you’re sleeping your life away.
175991352,Two pairs of jeans.
175991353,"That's inspiring. I need to do some cleaning, will get to it as soon as I get home tomorrow from the store and library."
175991354,"I took 300mg of magnesium citrate. It's supposed to be an OK muscle relaxer. It says on the bottle ""Supports healthy muscle function"". Then maybe I can relax enough to watch Netflix - I really need something that does that."
175991355,Finished my exam! I’m pretty sure I passed. I feel good about it. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175991356,"Yes, I did!"
175991357,The Bandthe weight YouTube
175991358,That's weird i was never told to let my feelings out. I was always told if I keep crying they'd give me something to cry about.
175991359,Just wrote some fiction for an hour.
175991360,"So the phenibut is making me productive and I always feel good and have good ideas before I go to bed so this is what I'm going to say to my doctor on the appointment tomorrow; Mental health; 1. Depression: Been a bit depressed for a month until I wrote this stuff down and back on track like how I was - I usually feel better at night before I go to bed. 2. Psychosis: Having slight symptoms at the end of my injection. 3. OCD: Obsessing more about things and certain rituals like making decisions and repeating things a certain specific number of times. 4. Anxiety: Very low. Things I’m doing right now; 1. Music: Playing guitar (I’m going to buy an electric guitar) and piano. 2. Exercise: Skiing 1-2 times a week, might do cross country skiing, could be hiking this winter, walking almost every day, thinking of using the gym. 3. Socializing: Being around people a lot (Sometimes to the point where it can be overwhelming) 4. Exercising mental brain: Started a physics course online to see what it takes t
o be a pharmacologist (Which I don’t think I’m sure that I want to do) - Also I think physics is cool and can be fun (Psychiatrist recommended I do this), Solving hard puzzles on brain game apps and internet. 5. Increase knowledge about things: Listening to podcasts a lot, was reading a bit (But bad reviews on the book I was reading so it put me off). 6. Hygiene: Having a shower almost every day (Having cold showers for 5 minutes when I’m done), brushing my teeth every day. 7. Health: Doing 20 hour water fasts and eating healthy (If asked why: Kills precancerous cells, re-set insulin sensitivity, improve immunity, increase muscle mass, longevity, improve will-power, develop the ability to fast if needed, reduce body fat?, more energy, motivation, mood and focus!, spiritual experience, detoxify from bad chemicals and enhance learning and memory). 8. Sleep: Sleeping 10-12 hours a night. 9. Responsibilities: Taking care of my mom (Washing dishes, cleaning litter box, shovelling snow from sidewalks and empt
ying garbages every day). Things I plan to do; 1. Spiritual and relaxing: Meditating every day, watching Netflix or reading before bed. 2. Social: Talking to people at coffee connections from 1-3pm. 3. Responsibilities: Getting a part time job and might go to school part time again. 4. Researching: Investing in stock market, cryptocurrency and day trading (Discord and reddit, psychonaut and investing servers), researching about my moms specific breast cancer, conspiracies, how to make money online. 5. Improve vocabulary and language: Learn about one country every day (Learn Spanish), learning one new English word every day and one Spanish word. Meds; 1. Invega _PERSON_ 150mg every 4 weeks (Bring back to every 3 weeks) 2. Seroquel 50mg (Prescribe 4x 25mg’s so it’s back to 100mg if possible) - NEED REFILL 3. Vyvanse 50mg (Allow for 2x 5mg’s of Dexedrine a day in the evening for focus - 60x 5mg) - NEED REFILL 4. Olanzepine 5mg PRN (This helps me to focus without feeling pain and I have 16x 5mg refills) 5. 
Atenolol 50mg every 12 hours (Stay the same) - NEED REFILL Supplements; 1. Fish oil (3 a day) 2. Vitamin D (1000ui in the morning) 3. Melatonin 10mg (Every night - Going to stop taking this eventually) Drugs I’m taking; 1. Marijuana and CBD (Low doses rarely) 2. Phenibut (1g a day - Decreasing) 3. Alprazolam (0.5mg a night - Decreasing) Drugs I’m not taking; 1. Alcohol (Stopped drinking because of psychedelic flashbacks - Derealization and depersonalization (Dissociation) which causes panic attacks). 2. Psychedelics - DMT, Shrooms, LSD (Taking a 5-10 year break) 3. Cigarettes (Quit 6 months ago and using nicotine gum instead)"
175991361,"This is some valid stuff to say to my therapist. I'm glad I typed these last few posts. I said it because I know I won't be judged. Even though it's concerning, don't worry. I got this.."
175991362,"There's a page I found awhile back that has coping ideas for dealing with voices. I printed it out, when I get on my laptop I'll find it and post a link"
175991363,Beef Steak/ Juice
175991364,Welp found out my neighbor is a sex offender and lives by us who when you look him up is at a different address... we're by an elementary school. Time to report to the police. No wonder he was creepy. He set off lots of creep vibes... thing is... it's probably good that the kids aren't here because our ****ing neighbor is a pedophile.
175991365,"I love cooking, it's so much fun. It's especially fun when you get to share what you made with people and they really like it"
175991366,"I have such poor concentration so I spent some time to read your post again. It took me almost 3 hours. It was worth it. I hate asking for help so much. Besides, the ones who would have found a way to help me are the ones who passed away. The friend I still have, is also the friend I live with after my homes flooded. She has never been an empathetic person and tho she sees what a mess I am, she has never shown she cares. She's more critical than anything. I suffer the most from borderline personality and can't even get her to care enough to learn anything about it. I have talked very little to her in so long cause when I try, she will turn and look at tv like I interrupted a show I knew she wasn't even watching. The pain this all causes is bad enough. I even asked my ex husband to go with me, but he can't get off work avd lives a couple hours away. There is nobody else. And without all the problems I am having with even leaving this room, is my fear of how I will handle being told they are unable t
o treat me. Knowing they are my last option. At the same time, I'm very scared they will say they will treat me., I have no support in my life and can't even comprehend dealing with the terrible pain from the traumas and losses that I have only fought to not think about. I have been in this dark place for close to 2 years with very few breaks in the pain and depression. To make it worse, last nite I got overwhelmed and chatted in with the national crisis hotline and tried to explain how none of my coping or distraction strategies were helping me. I've had the hardest time putting my thoughts in order too, and she said our time was up and since I ''didn't wish to try any coping skills'' she would let me get back to my day and abruptly disconnected me as I was trying to talk about what she had just told me. I felt so much worse after I talking with them. More alone and rejected. I'll literally die before I turn to them again!!! I had also gotten close to a chatter on healthful chat which I was shocked I got clo
se to someone new. She was a huge part in me getting thru many days. And I did the same for her, but last we chatted she was suicidal for first time in the year plus that we chatted. I haven't heard from her in 3 1/2 weeks since she told me that. She hasn't answered any email either. It's been hard worrying if she is ok and losing a support I desperately needed. It hurts so bad. I am on the dark side of that wall u talk about. I don't understand how it could get this bad. I can't take this suffering. This torture. Uselessness and helplessness. it seems like an should be easier to do. I'm not strong tho. I hate when people say that cause it is like another way of saying I can do it by myself. I hate this life so much!!!!! Any time or effort I try to put into this life now is only for my sons cause I deserve to be released from it!"
175991367,But I slept 5 hours last night and also took a small nap today so it seems like the sleep thing is getting a little better I think
175991368,"After reading your excerpt about PMS, etc I wondered whether the quiz would be any good, but it was fairly accurate with my results at least."
175991369,I'm trying ashwagandha again. I'll see how I am in an hour.
175991370,"Insomnia continues. I will stop buspar at night and just take it in the mornings and as needed throughout anxiety attacks. If the insomnia continues after eliminating the pm dose, I will try melatonin. Has anyone ever tried medical marijuana? I went to the chiropractor for a bulging disk and when we were reviewing my current meds, he mentioned how medical marijuana has changed some people's lives who have anxiety and panic disorders. As previously noted, not a fan of changing medicines or adding or subtracting them. So the likelihood of me going that route is slim. But just wanted to see if anyone has had any experience with it. 12"
175991371,Can you do an audio book? I find those easier....
175991372,I just woke up. Idk why I slept so late. Missed my Med time. Just took em.
175991373,I think this dosage of VRAYLAR is making me unable to function. Idk.
175991374,I may have to look into that I am taking an antipsychotic so it is supposed to help but I’m not sure if it’s making it all worse or what. Aren’t you supposed to experience this to heal from PTSD?
175991375,Have been watching daily mass
175991376,Yeah as a result we got so many diagnoses that don’t make sense. Most psychiatrists must be SJ types as they like to follow out dated rules and traditions haha
175991377,_NAME_ 40-43 have been a rock for me
175991378,"That sounds terrible, glad you’re ok."
175991379,Boreddddd Oh my god when will this end
175991380,Good luck with the job!
175991381,Yes the mania is the fuel. The antidote...medication is evil. The i am ok....i will show it by being good for a stretch is the usual practice for someone who needs the most care. You are indeed a good person and at this time being taken advantage of....and yes they know they are doing it. HT
175991382,"I eventually had a breakdown that pushed me to seek help from my GP, then a counselor, who suggest I seek help from a psychiatrist who diagnosed me as having GAD and depression. That was nearly 2 years ago and several medications ago, and we are still working on it. Talk to someone, anyone before it manifests to something worse or permament... I fought it myself, honestly I barely fought it but kept it hidden hoping it was a phase..it wasn't and isn't. I wish I had sought help sooner which may have helped before I had my breakdown. I hope you can address it, and feel better soon."
175991383,"I talked with my male bestest today, yay! We talked about a bunch of things. Hard to believe, his two other closest friends died in the past few years. Both from heart attacks. Now I'm worried about my friend. So good to hear his voice. It's been over 10 years, and I thought he hated me forever. He couldn't find me because I changed my number in 2013. After I moved away from Chicago. He said I should have tried to call years ago."
175991384,I'm freaked out about it too but trying not to dwell on it since it scares me
175991385,Hope I didn’t scare you with the alcohol thing. That was definitely not my intention.
175991386,"I'm going to have a nice sleep. Cuz I don't take being awake for granted. But this time I will. I always want to do things while I'm awake until I pass out. But sleep is sometimes good a spiritual thing. So I'll take Seroquel, a melatonin with the phenibut. My mom is getting ski passes for the winter. If she doesn't have breast cancer, I'll be sooooo excited!!! I will be filled with joy =["
175991387,Welp. The local tedx event is sold out. I was waiting to get paid on friday to pay for it. Oh well. Maybe it's a sign that I need to save my money for the move.
175991388,"Sorry, _AT_MENTION_. I hate when things like that happen. Maybe tomorrow will be a better day though."
175991389,I just now took a multivitamin.
175991390,"I am actually applying for a new position. It is at a neighboring university (I work at a university). I am hesitant to find a different job, because my job does offer quite a lot of job security. My university is one of the few that is economically stable. The benefits and medical leaves they offer have allowed me to be off for up to six months twice and able to come back with no negative consequence. That is hard to give up. But, if I move to the neighboring university, they would have the same benefits. The new job would be a promotion, but less stress as there is a cushion between me and operations at that point. I went to see my therapist today. I did not talk about my thoughts of suicide, but we talked a lot about distress tolerance and living in the moment. The problem is that ""the moment"" is no good. I was honest, but also kept things to myself. I am working on a DBT workbook right now, trying to increase my coping skills. The issue is that I seem to do nothing all day but jump from one c
oping mechanism to another. Its exhausting. Thanks for the replies, Superfinnwoman"
175991391,"Picked up Finding Nemo and Finding Dory at the library. I've seen _PERSON_ but it's been a loooong time, haven't seen Finding Dory yet"
175991392,Yeah I was surprised. She's off tomorrow but will be there on Monday
175991393,Iced coffee
175991394,Wearing new Vans today. I got them for Christmas but it's the first time I've worn them. Sort of a brown check/plaid pattern with orange flowers. The flowers are embroidered.
175991395,Tell me your symptoms and I can ask my roommate which med you should get.
174390351,"I hear you. _PERSON_, not sure I'll ever be able to read 1984. I've accepted that there are a lot of ""must read"" books with which I should not torture myself. A very similar thing happened to me with Crime and Punishment. Shortly after starting it, I got. INCREDIBLY depressed for a very long time and stopped reading altogether. Amazingly, I am enjoying The Divine Comedy a lot. I have to stick with uplifting material, as perceiving the dark side of things tends to be my default setting."
175991396,Thank you for the comments. Yes I am procrastinating. I know I am doing this because I am afraid something will happen and either I wont be able to pay my car payment (no way I can pay cash) or I will need the money for some unforeseen situation. All my life I have had to struggle with money and always had to buy used cars which were almost worn out when I bought them. I know what I want but the idea of spending twenty thousand dollars makes me crazy. I am just at the point in my life I want to buy something nice. I am tired of having to settle. This is just another example of me worrying and being anxious. I HATE ANXIETY!!! God bless
175991397,I forgot that bears come out in the Spring and they're hungry.. So I turned around. Too much unmelted snow on the ground to walk on as well. I had a shower and now in summer shorts. Everyone's outside so I'm gonna go out there and read. My mom made Irish Stew cooked in Guinness for St. Patricks Day. It's good ^-; Tomorrow I start work again after the second lockdown. I have a few things planned for today - Just finding it hard to start these things.
175991398,Sorry to hear that . Hope it gets better for you.
175991399,If you put the google play store on kindle you can get it and there is another way to download _NAME_ directly......
175991400,Just fish oil as of now. I know it's like the same. Basically my doctor had been out of the picture for a couple months. I will ask him on Monday what he thinks about the thing about going back and forth on stuff.
174390346,"Is having a thought disorder the same as scitzoefftive disorder, The doctors tell me that I am schizoaffective but I dont want to believe it, I am not on any antipsychotic drugs, They all make me feel strange and give me side effects"
175991401,"Yea! I got some stuff to make stew and then another Irish type stew, corn beef and cabbage. And then some staples like mac and cheese, ramen, cereal, etc. Some joggers to lay around the house in some energy drinks. Some beer, too. I think that’s about it minus some random stuff and other staples. And thanks!!! If anyone wants to watch at around 1:30 or so, my Twitch name is iNewtus."
175991402,"It's more like just having no reason to get out of bed. I've never really had that before - I always get out of bed to do something. This morning I felt like I had no reason at all. So I drank some coffee. It could be mild withdrawal from the extra stimulant (I'm taking as prescribed now). On the topic of cocaine, I remember last year I bought some and threw it away - My morals are stronger than the addiction. It's always been like that. I'll never do it again. I don't think I feel much anxiety.. Just blah - Need a vacation. I feel alone. I'm upset that my mom doesn't talk to me. She asks if I'm ok all the time - But is always drinking to cope, having bf's. My dad was really happy that I made that routine list. My sister is being really responsible. But idk where all of this is going to lead. I talk to my therapist on the 8th on the phone. I suppose I'll have to write down what I'm dealing with before then. I booked an appointment to see my doctor on Monday. I'll have to write down what to say to h
im as well. I'm just confused."
175991403,Hi! I am also looking for a support group/buddy. Really just looking for someone who can provide emotional support. I know that isn’t the same as being lonely but just reaching out incase that would be something you’re interested in.
175991404,Do you feel rested at all? I can't sleep now. :/
175991405,perfume....
175991406,Have u played the sims
175991407,"i mean no one is perfect, yea. their job is ??????? difficult imo. thank ???? someone does this job. at least they get paid well. and gave me my meds."
175991408,You're going through terrible stress the past few days. Wish I could help.
175991409,"I’m looking for a group on steam. Or friends. Or anything. I have absolutely no one to game with on my pc, switch, or xbox one. It sucks. Kinda lonely. Makes me question playing games anymore. _PERSON_ has many friends to Play games with. Sucks."
175991410,"my false self ignores people's emotions, i dont believe in people's identity, i often attack people to cancel their identities and the beliefs they have about themselves (i assume cuz i want them to be identityless like me. so i can have friends..), i hate listening to opinions of any kind because its boring all that being said i wonder if my false self will disturb the imergence of the true self cuz it cant take those fundemental beliefs seriously, did anyone have this kind of ""unsupportive"" false self? how was your therapy?"
175991411,Sleepytime tea
175991412,Oh I completely understand. No worries!
175991413,That's great!
175991414,"I agree chat is useful for immediate responses. On a board such as this one, you might get three or four responses within, say, 24-48 hours. On the chat, that might happen in 1 minute. Of course, quality of response matters too. Here, the responses tend to be on topic, compassionate and often informative. That is not always the case on chat boards. They sometimes get off topic or worse. But I like the chat I participate in because it is fast and very international. Earlier today I was chatting with people from the UK, Europe, Australia, and the Middle East at the same time, while I am located in the United States. We were talking about OCD and related anxiety and the treatments that we have undergone. So I guess both are good just in different ways. There is also an app that I use which has a number of different message boards, add a private message function. I have found that useful toO. One problem with some boards is that they do not have any active participation. There are a few mental health r
elated boards that have basically dried up with only a few people participating; they quickly become useless."
175991415,I bought a bunch of nerdy books I really want to read but I also have a bunch of old movies on the DVR I gotta watch. Maybe I’ll read later.
175991416,"I’m not sure...I mean IQ tests seem to think you respond to everything the same way, I’m sure there’s some sort of standardized test for it though, maybe a GRE variant."
175991417,"Counting our blessings is the only way to get through it. Be grateful for what we have. Knowing others don't have makes me sad. Pay it forward as they say. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175991418,That’s why I’m not a scientist anymore....
175991419,"Sorry I haven't been posting much online in a while, things have been rather difficult for our family and honestly I'm not much feeling ""inspired"" these days. Though I would still like to advocate for mental health, if only I can find a way that people would actually pay attention to. A few years ago I came across a disability group that was looking for stories, so I gave them mine, which was basically ignored. Then just recently I found they're doing a TV show, kind of a cute Freak Show, with wheelchairs. I had forgotten one basic principle: Image isn't everything, it's the Only Thing. We've all heard that appearances can be deceiving, it is also written that: _NAME_ But the LORD said unto _NAME_, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart. I have been advocating for people with mental illness for over thirty years now, and I have a name 
tag from a show I did for Creative Sanity over twenty years ago saying, ""Mental Health Matters."" More recently in Ohio a friend at church and I tried starting a community program for disadvantaged people that came to a bad end and fell by the wayside, which is another long story. I had also been active online, but any ""Connections"" I may have made on the internet also seem to have fallen by the wayside for one reason or another. With the pandemic and more people going online I had hoped that this would be an opportunity for me to continue my advocacy work. I have seen a few groups online promoting mental health care and fighting _USER_ID_, but they get nowhere near the coverage that the more popular issues get. Every day I see people begging for poor furry four legged critters that are abused and abandoned and need our help, where there are many human beings who are abandoned and need help simply because their brains do not work as well as some people's, or in the way that other people think they should, 
and hardly anyone is paying attention. I have come across instances of abuse of people with mental illness by the police, some have even died in custody, and the only outcry is from a few aggrieved relatives, and those reports you have to go looking for in order to find. So I am still here, still wondering how to advocate for people with mental illnesses, but I am at a loss as to how to make mental health care seem cute and sexy. If anyone cares to comment, I am open to suggestions. Hopefully I will be notified if people respond to or follow this post, but then I check my email every day so if anyone writes me personally I will respond. Peace, and may God Bless, _EMAIL_.com"
175991420,"I think I care about a lot of things. It might be a different type of caring, and it might manifest itself differently, but I still consider it caring. I don't consider myself dispassionate or anhedonic. I want people to be happy. I want to be able to contribute to something good for people and for our little piece of universe. I just have problems personalizing it in the way that other people do. And I don't like to wax poetic about any of it. I'm not good at comforting people, or celebrating with them, or spending much time with them, and all of the things I listed drain my energy at a rate where I can't do them often. It creates the perception that I don't care. But I like helping people out when I can. I like putting my effort into projects that can benefit people. I like art and music and other creative pursuits. I like nature. I like science. I like learning new things."
175991421,Hopefully the antibiotics work this time. *fingers crossed*
175991422,That's gonna be a mess in a month. Unless you and your fiance are not like my family lol
174390368,"I’m sorry for what you’re going through. I hope you find the right medication to help you. Don’t feel alone in you’re struggle, there are many people on this website, including me that are hurting. Don’t give up hope."
175991423,"Hey clarkie. Sounds like she in a manic phase. Valporate on it's own is useless. Olazapine...anti psychotic...works good...yep weight gain. Lamotrogine is the new go to mood stabiliser. Firstly, good on ya. Till death do you part. Yep its a _USER_ID_ that can be well managed...but she must want wellness. A lot of indivisuals love the mania and thus hate the med....no explanation required. Yes lies...manipulation rage cheating...violence chaotic risky spending etc. And the problem is wirh you and not her.....most go thru this...regardless of gender. If ya wife is willing to be treated and do the hard yards then a managed condition will ensue. This means means meds therapy and accountability to self. A psychiatrist who specializes in bi polar disorders is a must. She will need accountability and defined structure. And for you both. Hoping your wife is safe and ok. I will pop in to check in on ya. HT"
175991424,Omg I love _PERSON_! Did you see the bunker boy one? It was hilarious
175991425,"No, not until tomorrow."
175991426,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !
175991427,"Hi, This is my first post on this forum, i'm seeking effective treatment suggestions for OCD based on your personal experience. If you have recommendations in South Bay (San Fran) area that would be even better, and remote treatment (in Covid-19 days) would work even better. It is for my son, who started having social anxiety in 2015 (after starting some biologics for his ulcerative colitis disease). The anxiety has gotten progressively worst. It started with excessive hand washing, avoiding hugs, avoiding crowds, theme parks and theaters, avoiding public and airplane rest rooms, to obsessing over airport TSA pad down or security dogs. This has made normal life difficult. He is 20 now. We tried zoloft, then switched to prozac, it has had some positive impact but not nearly enough. Have had therapist visits for CBT but never found a good therapist who made a difference. Then last year, we had some house flies come in and since then he is obsessed about bugs and wants to avoid outdoors unless he has 
to step out for classes. Any suggestions for an effective treatment options from personal experience or similar OCD triggers would help. First is this treatable? I don't want to have him live with this condition as it will affect his livelihood, he needs to be out and about experiencing all that life has to offer, finish his college, start a career. Thanks in advance for your insights! BV"
175991428,"Yeah, some of them anyways."
175991429,Sending you some positive vibes! I'll keep you in my thoughts! I'll keep checking on you ?
175991430,"jobs i've done that i think fit perfectly night shift security guard: specially in places like schools, malls, remote government locations (power plants etc) truck driving: not bad, but long hours. truck driver are surprisingly social & very friendly contract courier: medical documents/supplies, medical patients, amazon prime etc. i love driving, you can just zone out, listen to music & do your thing, much more stable than Uber/Lyft or Doordash type stuff night shift warehouse handler: i was the only product picker on my floor, lots of time to play on my phone, work at my pace with little to no supervision IT: remote work is the best, but help desk stuff ain't bad data entry: remote from home, always a win artist: if you like doing something artistic there's probably nothing better. set your own hours and work as much or as little as you want in a given day, live frugally of course. or any self employment with demand where you can work how you want pretty much anything night shift or remote/working 
from home"
175991431,"I think so far you have gotten great advice from Sagittarius and Tulips, but to add on to that, instead of striving to be your old self, strive to be your new self. Your new self had the courage to ask for help, and that’s something to be proud of. Once I accepted that my anxiety is a part of my new life and I can work to manage it, I began to be more accepting of my new self, and it’s not so bad."
175991432,Morning everyone. Feeling fragile today. Trying to get my anxiety under control. Probably gotta take some xanax. Deep breathing just isn't cutting it. _PERSON_
175991433,Omg naaap naaaaap naaaaaaaap!
175991434,Hi Good advice above. I would just like to welcome you to the forum you will find good support here so keep us posted. _PERSON_
175991435,Oh it’s all online except for the exams. I just worry because of marking assignments and eventually when I have to do the exams in person. I know all the universities and colleges around have cancelled classes or switched them online and cancelled all exams. Hopefully everything gets somewhat normal sooner rather than later. At the very least I can work on quizzes and assignments and read the textbooks and make notes.
175991436,"woke up early, I miss being up at this hour"
174390387,"The first time I was depressed was when I was 10. Then I was basically manic until 12. Then I became so anhedonic and then was abused until I was 16, became manic and slept 4-5 hours a night for a year, then started hearing voices and went psychotic then I was depressed and told my mom about it and she took me to a doctor. Then my step dad attacked me and I attempted suicide and slept 18 hours a day and was too depressed at 17 then got even more agitated than I was when I was 16, tried cough syrup at 18, did drugs in the psych ward, put on abilify and did more risky things then did research chemicals. Then I did psychedelics and now I feel like I was before anhedonia. I was laying in bed and couldn't do anything and now I'm ecstatic but I'll take the sleep meds and go to sleep cuz I learned to keep a proper sleep schedule or else I'm screwed."
174390384,"I am doing like crap lately. I need to quit graduate school I think. I just switched to a new antipsychotic, though, so maybe that'll help."
175991438,"Feeling okay today. Kind of bored because I am at work but I would be bored at home too so I guess that doesn't matter! lol! Half day today anyway, less than 2 hours left."
175991439,I’m not into lyrics at all....I barely understand them....sound only.
175991440,Thanks yes I did. I had felt like chemicals were going through my body burning and killing me/poisoning me. And I also after started not sleeping for like 36 hours at a time. My psychiatrist increased one of my APs. Now I’m just trying to get out of a depressive/ Possible trigger: suicidal phase.
175991441,"I think you start in the spring, it depends how fast you want to go through the days though. You can go to bed in game and restart the day as often as you want if you just wanted to rush through straight to fall. It's a great game, you really should get it! I'm in winter now, I've played a total of about 10 hours and just got into winter but I didn't rush through"
175991442,Yes there is a zoom support group on Sunday’s at 4:00 central time
175991443,"I agree with you. I don't want to se anyone else die. It's truly angers me some people disregard the safety of others. It's mind boggling how some people think it's a hoax. It's even more distressing that gov't has and continues to failed in curtailing this virus; I can say more, but I don't want to turn this into a political discussion. I know you can't turn off how you feel, but if you can distract yourself for a few hours it might do you good. Do you have a hobby you can do? Or possibly take a walk which can be relaxing. I guess the only thing we can do is take it one day (or for some one hour/minute) at a time. Letting go and letting God handle things has helped me, and I am refusing to live in fear anymore Hang in there."
175991444,"I hear you. The news/media is very stressful. Can you block the sources that give you news? Or can you communicate with your family via WhatsApp instead? If not, maybe limit yourself to a certain amount of time to check in with family on social media and then log off before you get caught up scrolling through all the headlines."
175991445,"Usually it helps to have your doctor's support in going off of APs. I was able to get off of Zyprexa and am now taking half of the dosage as I was before of Abilify (I was on Zyprexa and Abilify and two ADs at once plus Klonopin at one point). I think it's probably best to see what your doctor has to say... I know in the past for myself whenever I thought of going off of my meds it was kind of a red flag that something else was going on. Like the desire to go off of meds itself isn't bad, it's just acting on it that's bad (at least in my own case). I get really impulsive and that becomes problematic."
175991446,Maybe it means combined with other artist's work? So if this person does 2 and another person does 5 they will put them together to make a collection of 7? IDK
175991447,Ignore that it was just a rant lol ^-;
175991448,Going to be making BBQ chicken breasts (baked) tonight w/ carrots and peas
175991449,"You’re too young for a heart attack, its probably just anxiety....."
175991450,Peppermint tea again
175991451,I am out of omega 3 and my brain has felt fuzzy for a few days. Not able to get my thoughts out for my writings.
175991452,Yeah I started seeing her in February and she’s been great. We joke around a bit and she gets me.
175991453,my iphone has an app built in that tracks steps
175991454,My psychologist had suggested to me a self care list a while ago but my mind was too busy and distracted to actually do it. Go figure. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175991455,"If you're feeling happy, you're probably thinking that the present as well as your future looks good. If you're feeling dreadful, very nervous, and panicky, then maybe you're thinking that not only is the present bad, but your future looks bad too (not to say that your future actually looks bad). Maybe that's why you feel suicidal only when you're feeling dread and panicky, _PERSON_. It's just my theory."
175991456,Wanted to share my game library and 3 new games I downloaded that are/were on sale yesterday and got extremely amazing reviews.
175991457,I just dont find snl funny. I like madtv tho.
175991458,That’s great bluebird ?
175991459,"I don't know how long to make this and I don't want to seem arrogant. I have Depersonalization disorder (DPD) but I marked it as depression for the sake of grouping. I'm a young man of 21. You may skip ""my growing up"" if you don't want to read everything. My growing up/trauma I lived in a sheltered christian environment my whole life. I went to private schools from 1st to 12th. My parents were not abusive or anything like that. I may have been teased when I was a kid, about my weight, but nothing that brings back distressing memories. The only seriously bad thing that came to me from the environment was that my parents got divorced around 10 years ago. I was around 12 or so I think. I lived with my mom from then on and visited my dad a few couple times a year. At the time, I didn't rlly care that my parents were divorced. I was kind of glad actually. My parents were quite restrictive on how much tv/computer time I was allowed to have, something to like 30 minutes a day. Since they got divorced an
d whenever I visited my dad, I was able to play as long as I wanted on the computer, 24/6. I remember in the divorce counseling room this lady asked me and my brother, perhaps my sister too, to draw a picture of what the divorce made us feel. I _NAME_ a picture of a bird pooping on my brothers head, for humors sake. I didn't care that I wouldn't see my dad in the same house anymore or that they were fighting. Perhaps I was too engrossed in my videogames. Growing up from that time, I went from being a super shy kid who player games alot, to an athletic guy who was good at sports and was respected for this by others, for example: (similar to another person) I cried at the slightest things, for example, I found a leaf outside of the school grounds which was red, (I being like 12 or so) I tasted it and it was spicy, it was a precious leaf from then on. Later that day I had my leaf on my desk and another kid came up and teasingly, not meaning any harm by it, crumbled my leaf. I started crying uncontrollably. They 
didn't understand at first why I cried so. I wasn't normal in this regard. I would cry in the middle of class at least once a year for one reason or another (giving a book report). I was very absorbed in sports from 5th grade to 10th grade. I was aiming for the best and I had the right to, for I was among the better players in my private middle school and high school. I was drunk on adrenaline it seemed (I played football and soccer mainly). It was my life. That was taken away at the end of 10th grade. Everyone seemed to be a ball hog. They wouldn't pass me the ball or give me the chance to prove myself, even when I likely had a good deal more experience then them. It was humiliating. I gave up soccer and football because of how immature all those players of my grade and around my grade level were. It hurt a lot. I had practiced everyday, more than others. It was my life. The next year or so, another bad thing happened. I fell in lust with this girl at my school. She was pretty, though I didn't talk to her mu
ch, my heart longed for her. Sometime later that year, as I was getting closer to her. She got kicked out of school for giving someone a blowjob. She stopped messaging me after that. I cried in my free time for 2 days. The final two years of highschool for me is similar to the state I am now. Currently I have had depersonalization disorder for around 9 years. I was about 12 I think. It was around the time my family got divorced. It didn't notice it before a few years ago. Seems that suffering some loss caused me to be aware of what I lost. Now tell me if you have something similar. For it would be nice to have someone who can understand my great loss. I don't really feel anything anymore. I don't really feel love, or sadness, or joy coming from the heart. I have no friends or family who I can feel love from or love. My family, my brother, for example. I have nothing against him and we should be close, for we played videogames all the time together growing up. But now, unlike when I was a kid, it makes no diff
erence who it is who is beside me. I don't think I would grieve or care much if he or my family were to die soon. My heart seems to be cold. Like my heart is an emptiness. The only thing coming from it seems to be an occasional pain. Not emotional pain like heartbreak, but if you can imagine it, a emotional, not physical pain that is unlike the common emotions, the pain of nothingness. It is all day everyday without anybreak. I was distracted by sports in middle school and highschool which is why I probably didn't notice it. But it has been like this for a long time. Things haven't been real for a long time. Things haven't been beautiful. I wish everyone understood what I mean when I say real. It's like eating an apple and it having no flavor. What made life worth living has been gone for awhile, but just recently within the past few years, I have noticed it. My body feels like it is just bones without flesh, like I am just made of sticks and my skin and the sensors on them are just for show. I feel like a pu
ppet, or pinocchio who wishes he could be a real boy. This lack of reality effects every second of my life while I'm awake. It is a type of perception it seems. I am uncapable of imagining or understanding of that reality that I have lost. I have faint slivers in my memory which tell me that there used to be something (The way the world felt and touched me) beautiful in this world that made life worth living. Memories of when I was young, the earliest one of which I was 12. I try to estimate with the fragments of these memories what this reality was like that I have and how much I have lost and the sorrow that should accompany it: It is like if you believe in the body and the soul, it is like I have lost my soul. Like I am the walking dead wandering aimlessly. It feels as great of a loss as if my soul, that thing essential for salvation and heavenly bliss is lost to this (an analogy) devoted believer. So great a loss that I would not compare anything I could think of to be more sorrowful. But I don't remember 
this loss and I am almost completely ignorant of what that reality felt like. It is like having amnesia, and you once had a strong lover but you no longer are able to tell who this person is or to know them anymore. But of course miraculously but still very rarely recognize there voice and your heart yearns for what you have lost but then you forget again. I feel like I am living in hell cursed on this earth. I can't remember the last time life was worth living. I am greatly handicapped as of a year ago, in that my heart will not let me do things I used to do to distract myself. I used to exercise a good amount, study religious things intensely, watch my diet carefully, volunteer, learn new things ( I was learning Hebrew and Greek, self teaching). I had to resort to watching anime and playing videogames with all my time because my heart couldn't handle other things (which is hard to explain). Now currently, I am not able to keep myself busy the whole day without my heart acting up, so just to ease the pain/wh
atever it is, I have to sleep it off and takes naps during the day. Life hasn't been worth living for a while now, but now it is a burden to keep myself distracted from this emptiness. I have little hope that things will ever change to how they used to be or that I will ever be at peace. I have already attempted suicide to escape my seemingly hopeless fate. Since I don't rlly feel emotions I can't tell you this with my heart behind it, but it is a great sorrowing thought that I may never love anyone or feel love and that my heart will always be cold. People who don't understand are many it seems. This isn't something mild. It feels like the difference between heaven and hell (not feeling reality). What is normal to other people seems to be some great fantasy that is found in surreal dreams to me. I know this because I remember glimpses of what life used to be like. What is also bad is that I look to be doing fine on the outside. There is no need for people to show me more compassion because I look just fine! 
I couldn't even benefit from compassion it seems though for my heart is cold. It's not like my choices made me this way. I tried my best to be a good christian and I had good guidance to become one. I didn't take any wrong path that would make me this way. It is just the path laid out for me. Anyways... It'd be cool if I could find people who also understand this sorrow and loss."
175991460,"Yeah, I've had that happen before. It sucks."
175991461,"Some people say to try to find meaning during these COVID days. I don't know what's meaningful to me right now. There are things that I am doing but I just feel like I am going through the motions. I mean I can only journal, write fiction, and work on school so much. There are many hours in the day when I'm just like, what do I do? I got a job which starts next week so hopefully that'll bring some meaning."
175991462,I have no idea why I'm even alive. I want out. I don't know what to do. We're flying through space. I can't keep it together anymore because it's winter. I need to do something. I need people to guide me. I'm afraid to live life like everyone else. I have avoidant personality disorder again. I don't want to work a machine job. My cognition is falling apart. My mind is deteriorating. I could have the wrong diagnosis. I'm afraid of bad things happening. I probably have a compromised heart because of past stimulant abuse so I'm going to die soon. I want to make art and music anyways but I don't know. My therapy isn't helping. The olanzepine is making me gain weight. I don't know if I'm depressed or something idk.. I seem happy but I don't know if I am. I'm afraid of everything now.
175991463,"The director of data science emailed me back. She wants to have a meeting sometime in the next two weeks. I need to schedule a time and prepare myself with questions and talking points. God, I’m so nervous now. I talk to my therapist next week she’s going to be proud of me for taking the initiative."
175991464,Good night!
175991465,I need peace of mind...
175991466,I don’t know whether to do the intensive outpatient program or not to do it. Help me decide?
175991467,^^^ Love the piano in that but in general can't get into opera .. apart from this amazing duet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vf42IP__ipw&feature=youtu.be&t=75
175991468,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ and HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175991469,ya today was pretty decent ..had lot of things to do ..but with news of the lock down being extended ..things look grim but i am learning new things on the guitar and in housework ...one thing leads to another..i guess amidst difficulties lie opportunities i hope the therapies are helping you and u feel much better
175991470,Why would I want to die for something @ Soldiers? That sounds kinda stupid.. But I do want to live for something..
175991471,clean clothes fruit salad for breakfast did some laundry plenty of liquid
175991472,Does that really work? Is it a stimulant?
175991473,I feel stressed out. Having a panic attack. I feel like my apartment isn’t clean enough.
175991474,I feel like I have no thoughts today. Like my mind is a blank slate. It's weird and kind of unsettling
175991475,Peanut butter sandwich crackers
175991476,"Interesting article with lots of good info (((((( _PERSON_ ))))))) - thanx for posting! I was already tested for celiac disease and don't have that, thankfully. Interesting how they seem to trigger each other tho. Food for thought, so to speak!"
175991477,"I am so sorry you are going through this, and I pray that you can find peace through all of this. Are you able to distract yourself when the quiet becomes too much for you? Are there things you like to do that you can use as a distraction such as playing with a pet, music, walking, reading, exercise, gardening, cooking, anything that can serve to fill the quiet space until you can be calm again? If not, will you try at least one thing that can help ground you when you start to feel overwhelmed by these feelings? And please don't feel that your parents don't want to know anymore. Your parents love you and would want to know what's going on with you. Don't feel ashamed about expressing your feelings. Be honest and as calm as possible when you tell them. Makes me think of Proverbs 16:23 ""The heart of the wise one gives his mouth insight And adds persuasiveness to his speech."" What's the lesson? Talk about your feelings openly and honestly but also wisely. Don't assume or answer for your parents what 
you think they might say or think or feel. Make it a conversation, not a sermon. Keep it relaxed and informal if need be, and as the text says, you will add ""persuasiveness"" to your speech. I wish you the very best."
174390432,"I'm taking this job one day at a time. I want to have at least 20 hours a week and am slowly getting there. I have odd hours in the morning and night. But, I have not had a job in two years so am feeling blessed about this new job. At my age, even this job seems like a God-send. I feel very grateful about my situation. I also feel tired most of the time due to my medication, I believe. I drink coffee to alleviate this tiredness. I have heard about others being laid off now and others who left their jobs. As a result, I really appreciate my situation. I work online now but will have to show up in person after this covid -19 situation improves. I am not really looking forward to showing up in person but, at least, it is better than being locked in all day. I also met a man online who is supportive of me. He adores me and tells me to be free. I tell him the same. I like him much but know the best I can do with my situation is to take care of myself and work. I am in no position to take care of others. 
So, our relationship is more like a friendship although he said he would come to visit me one day after the covid-19 situation resolves, whenever that will be. I talk to him daily about all subjects. He is like my best friend now. hmmmm, he is a good man and a good friend to me. Anyways, I am happy about my life now! I have to keep this job for at least a year according to my contract. Hopefully, it will become easier for me as time passes. Right now, I have to prepare a lot for each assignment. I am a teacher online. So, my assignments are students and meetings with students. I really love teaching. It is fun!! However, the pay is really low but better than doing nothing. I love all of my students too, so far. I work for a company too, not a school. It is all for profit for the company, but for me, I really enjoy teaching students from all backgrounds. I take my medication each morning after I wake up now. It is good for me because I forget easily. I think the medication is helping me to remain calm and stab
le. I am thankful for this medication! Life is good!! I will make sure to do well each day by motivating myself to take my medication, taking care of myself, and by working."
175991478,"C., _PERSON_! Good on you for facing your fears and making your appointment today! Well done! Buspar is a gentle Rx that is known to be low as far as side effects are concerned, so I think this is a great addition to try in your regimen. I am very impressed with your commitment to your wellness...and your willingness to try this even in spite of your reservations. I really do believe you can trust your P-doc and that good things will come from seeing him. Keep us updated so we can keep you in support. _PERSON_"
175991479,"Hello! my name is _PERSON_! I also have OCD! starting in 2016! My OCD uniform gave me the biggest barrier when I couldn’t fasten my shoe laces for 15 minutes! or could not fasten the lock on the jacket! )) it sounds funny but it does! OCD forms are many! for example, I do not care about germs, but I can’t help but care about a lot! )) I struggle with it every day! I’m moving to another country for permanent residence and it makes it easier for me! so try changing your place of residence too or changing something in life! need to do less routine and make more changes then ocd is weakening! And do not forget to go in for sports and visit nature!"
175991480,*goes to get banhammer* /s
175991481,I know I feel your pain everyday myself it has us trapped. Can’t even be happy or okay. Just waiting til I can go to heaven. Then we can find relief. I’ve been hospitalized 8 times.... it doesn’t help just a waste. I’m here if yuh wanna talk to. I get it !! Crying for hours everyday.
175991482,Never experienced psychosis or any form of delusion/hallucination. Would make life more interesting
175991483,Finally got the laundry done. Just did the dishes too. Now I'm listening to music. Gonna read more of my mindfulness for bipolar book.
175991484,why can't he just add another dose at noon? Wtf.
175991485,"Well the upgraded unit has a mosaic backsplash in the kitchen, all black appliances, upgraded washer and dryer, and a tiled shower. There may be other things. Oh well. So bummed."
175991486,Oh wow. No it’s been fine here. Hope the skies clear for you soon!
175991487,I hate this about myself.. Maybe my IQ died (lol no jk idk)
175991488,"Is this a reaction to that one altercation, or do you no longer like the health-care industry? Seems like LinkedIn might be more useful than a psychiatrist if what you're looking for is a career change."
175991489,"I used to hear voices every day when I was 16 before I was put on risperidone. The psychiatrist put me on 1mg a day and then I came back to him and said ""The voices aren't gone"" so he put me on 2mg. I came back and said ""The voices are gone"" and he was like ""I know"" because he knew that they wouldn't survive on 2mg a day lol.. The voices that I had were mostly people calling my name from other rooms when no one was there and also people talking to me and trying to tell me things. It was different voices such as male, female and neutral of different ages saying mostly really random things. I miss having voices. If I had voices now while being mentally stable, I think having a small amount of voices would benefit me because I think that it's my subconscious mind trying to talk to me. One voice I remember said ""I hurt you and you remain silent"". I feel like it was a voice trying to warn me about being manipulated by my narcissist ex step dad. I never stood up for myself. I let him abuse me. I 
feel like he caused the stress that triggered my psychosis. When I was hearing voices, I would hear more hypnagogic and hypnopompic voices. I still have hypnotic hallucinations but they are less pronounced now. But every time I hear a voice, I try to listen.. Because they are creative as **** and are very interesting."
175991490,He’s not going to change. Get out while you can.
175991491,"Hi all just wondered if anyone has this? Every night for the past couple of months, when I wake up and sit up in the night, I take a deep breath in and feel this vibration in my chest.It is only on a deep breath. It usually clears after a breath or a few breaths. I have no cough and doesn't feel like it is coming from my lungs but I can't be sure. It is the strangest thing! I will add that Im 18 weeks pregnant. Thanks all"
175991492,"Showered, shaved legs, and did hair Perfume Mostly clean clothes Cereal"
175991493,"Yes, faces are much harder for me to visualize. While I can recognize a face if it's right in front of me, I can't conjure up the picture in my mind. Objects, scenery, and animals are difficult to visualize, bit I can occasionally see a very flat, distant something. Faces, one the over hand, are a void of nothing in particular no matter how hard I try."
175991494,Hi Welcome to the forum but sorry to hear you are having a tough time at the moment. I agree with getting by about seeking out a good therapist to help you deal with the sexual assault. Changing medications can cause problems and it seems to be the norm for things to get worse before they get better again but this can take a couple of weeks so sometimes it's a case of pushing through but this can be hard. Keep us posted. _PERSON_.
175991495,I’m keeping a mood journal... hope it helps and see how much my mood fluctuates
175991496,My mom is also an estitetchian (fck. Spelling???) by trade.
175991497,"I'm trying to find something in this reality that is real to hold onto. But nothing is real. So I get depressed. Because I keep looking at the big picture. If there was something I could do that I could find some meaning in, that would be great. But everything is meaningless because it's all the same which is tragic."
175991498,"Late to the party, but my wife, her sister, and I had hospital cafeteria food. My wife’s other sister is in the hospital on a ventilator right now, and she’s not looking so swift. I had a turkey and provolone sandwich on whole wheat. And a slice of lemon meringue pie to top it off because hospital."
175991499,"On my mind, are social media memories mocking me for my awkwardness. Two years ago today, whilst greeting peers, i was trying to get the hang of being a more ""touchy huggy"" type of person. People were responding well! I was happily and enthusiastically rubbing and patting people's shoulders and backs, and I was totally becoming a natural until the last one I gave her upper back a quick and vigorous pat/rub as I hugged her... but being eager and new to this, very unfortunately, my hand slipped down the back of her shirt and got a bit tangled in her bra. My struggles to inconspicuously untangle myself looked more like I was struggling to covertly undo her bra. Once I managed to free myself, I hung my head in defeat and scurried away. A year ago today, I was leaving a secluded park that I like to visit on the outskirts of where I live. As I was leaving the park, I noticed a _NAME_ bathing in a puddle just off the other side of the road. The first one of the year! So of course, I had to admire a crea
ture so lovely and rich with symbolism. I slowly pulled over to the other side of the road so as not to spook the bird. I rolled down my window and murmured with deep tenderness, ""Well, aren't you a beauty!"" I looked up, a little past the beautiful animal and my gaze fell upon a disconcerted unkempt wild-haired gentleman covered in tattoos who may or may not have been camping in nearby bushes. He stared back at me unimpressed and serious. I think he may have assumed I was speaking to him. Realizing there was no coming back from a situation like that, there was no point in clarifying. Instead, I silently rolled up my window, politely broke eye contact and drove away leaving him standing tense and uncertain."
174390452,"Apparently the antibiotic ""minocycline"" is a potential treatment for schizophrenia cuz it reduces inflammation (Inflammation decreases white matter? idk). So a bonus I guess."
175991500,"Hi new on here today after another terrible nights sleep, Anxiety returned to me about 8 weeks ago. Went back on 20mgs citralopram was feeling slightly better but last week and especially last 3 days have been hell. Constant Adrenalin rushes, nausea feeling like I can’t cope. Just can’t pull myself out of the cycle at present. From the past have read many books etc but feel nothing helping ?"
175991501,Tweaky can sleep on demand because his antipsychotics make him sleepah
175991502,Ugh fck. I just want this pain to go away.
175991503,"I've never had things change color right before my eyes. But I have had the sensation of bugs crawling on me for years now. I'm 22. I've never told my psychiatrist but I might soon as it's getting annoying. I feel it on my head, arms, and legs. I'm already on a antipsychotic called Vraylar and am on the highest dose, 6 mg. I hope you find a solution or way to cope with these symptoms."
175991504,I tried to start one. I got a free bullet journal from my writers subscription box. But I just use it as a regular journal. I didnt particularly like the bullet style. I use it to write down to do lists and other notes.
175991505,Yes I did
175991506,Omg those moviessss they did that here too
175991507,"Zyrtec, tums, Aleve, on top of my regular meds."
174390473,"I rather enjoy philosophizing about pandemics, I went through a pandemics streak from 2016 through 2018 ... wrote about one historic one and how it related to schizophrenia and *wow*. I write a lot of **** on my smartphone that’s all I have to say about that. I mean, sure I discovered later that it was mostly word salad but, I still maintain that it’s very interesting word salad thank you very much."
175991508,"So my trip up went well. There was some heavy traffic but I just adjusted my speed and everything was fine. I visited my grandfather and it was sad tbh. He has dementia and although it hasn’t fully set in, he has changed a lot since the last time I saw him. It’s just not the same. Admittedly I am not a very emotional but seeing him like this made very emotional. I am trying to think about the good memories."
175991509,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_ psychotic I'm okay, I ended up going to sleep early, I'll definitely use my self care box, thanks for reminding me, I'm also going to be hanging out with my friend today so hopefully that helps"
175991510,Just finished The Fall of Mephisto! So good!
175991511,"Bf once had to get symbicort on some rinky dink insurance, ended up being cheaper with good rx."
175991512,Glad to hear you're doing well Desoxyn
175991513,I cant shake the feeling that my thoughts are being stolen. Ugh.
175991514,I definitely took my prescribed. I plan to take supplements later.
174390475,"Saw my psychiatrist.. She said to decrease the injection, she'll make it 150mg every 4 weeks instead of 3 weeks instead of 150mg to 100mg. Then she prescribed Seroquel in 4x 25mg tablets to take 50-75mg so I can sleep less. She also prescribed 5mg Olanzepines in case I get freaked out with positive symptoms."
175991515,Talked to the lady from the apartment complex that wants to do a phone interview (followup to the building tour and initial interview) she was in a meeting and said she'd be calling me in 15 minutes. That was 2 hours ago. So tired of playing phone tag with these people
175991516,"Hi there, I am an anxiety sufferer since 10 years ago, I was on medication for a few years and was living great without it for years ...until now, my therapist is teaching me mindfulness and CBT...and I’m learning step by step but I get desperate at the time of the day when my anxiety peaks that I feel like crying because of the feelings of uneasiness and feeling like I will not be able to feel better again. Can anybody tell me when do you see improvement when practicing these techniques?"
175991517,"Well, do you have a pill cutter? My advice is to take quarter pills. I've been in lots of situations with Klonopin, having little, having lots, forced to go cold turkey, etc. I would have chosen to stay on it the rest of my life despite the brain fog, rather than going through cold turkey. So, it's best to keep your tolerance down."
175991518,Ooooh nice! Congrats to him! Moving up in the world. It’s a good line of work to get into much room for growth.
174390485,Hello - there is a family I know who is struggling to care for a loved one with schizophrenia.....could some of you share some resources for the family on organizations etc that help provide support in any way? Sorry disregard! I saw there is a thread on this already
175991519,"Hi _PERSON_, my thoughts are since you have a psychiatrist onboard your pain mgt dr is protecting himself so there are no issues for him. Either make an appt to be seen, if he has a patient portal you may send him an email requesting the note. I am really surprised your pain mgt dr offered to do this. When the CDC cracked down on prescribing pain medication in 2016, they also went after GP's & pain mgt drs about prescribing benzos. Pain mgt drs had to tell their patients, you can either have pain medication or your Xanax, I can no longer prescribe both. We have a lot of old posts in the chronic pain forum from back then, patients had to get under the care of a psychiatrist in order to get their medication. Take care."
175991520,"I have read in a number of places that Schizoid Personality isn't about not wanting or liking other people. (Sorry for the double negative, I can't work out a better way to put it). See e.g.: (taken from a post by Dr _NAME_) On this board and others, though, posters sometimes seem almost aggressively dismissive of the possibility of meaningful relationships with other people. I don't mean this is a criticism, everyone experiences their own personality differently. I'm looking to understand and normalise my own experience, though, so I wanted to post and ask about that other side of the schism - loneliness. For me, I very seldom, if ever, directly feel the need to have other people around. I can happily go for days without seeing other people, and I feel far more relaxed when I do so. But ... and this is a big ""but"" ... I feel that I need to be connected to other people. I have a small number of relationships that I value strongly, and I feel very unhappy when those people are upset with me. Even 
friendships that didn't work out, but that I feel could have been one of that small number of valuable connections, have a lot of power over my mind. The paradox is that I only worry about friendship and relationships when I am stressed, and the thing that stresses me most is other people. So I'll find myself having an argument with someone that I care about ... the argument is probably about the fact that I don't want to spend time with other people that I don't care about ... and as a result I'll start having depressive ruminations about old friendships that failed. An underlying factor here is that I am very afraid of losing the good relationships that I have, because I know how hard they were to make and maintain, and how difficult it would be for me to establish new ones. All of these relationships come with obligations - and many of those obligations are second-order relationships that I don't want, but have to maintain to keep the important relationships. I get in trouble any time I admit that I find t
he second-order relationships tedious and meaningless. Is any of this familiar to anyone else, or is it just me?"
175991521,"I take one 5mg olanzepine and one zopiclone to sleep every night. I've been doing that for a week - That's basically why I'm not any bit psychotic. I'm not dependent on benzos anymore. I've been self medicating with phenibut for depression for a year. I took 1.1g but still don't feel happy. I'm tolerant to 1g or so a day, then go down to 500mg. I took an extra 600mg right now because I can benefit from a type of hypomania to be myself and use it to my advantage. I used to be a complete logical atheist - With zero spirituality at all. It's like a form of stupidity. Then I became psychotic where I had magical thinking and then I tripped. It's just a long realization of the matrix. I had no proof of it because I was completely brainwashed by society, school etc. I'm tired."
175991522,Welcome to the new roll call
175991523,"I'm ok I took clonazepam. I'll be awake for a bit. My sister and I were comforting my mom because she says her head hurts really bad but it's because of the alcohol making it worse. It just bad that I've been having an existential crisis but I want my mom to know that I'll be ok. We don't know for sure yet what it is so I told her to go to sleep and if she needs anything, me and my sister will be in our rooms. She'll have a clearer mind in the morning I said."
175991524,"Damn, that's rough."
175991525,"If anything, my Moms the culprit. Lmao."
175991526,"It's all philosophical! I'm sorry Newtus <3 Things happen.. Anxiety, stress and finding meaning can make us come to tears.. You'll come around. It's not over yet! Nothing is over! I will give my beating heart before I let IT/THEY win. And yes _PERSON_, we are antennas for the mystic consciousness.. When our egos die, all that is left is ALL.. The gods or whatever.. everything. We transition to infinite realms when we die - But still connect like how we are now - To a place.. Always a place cuz a place is a time...and space.."
175991527,"Yay! Plenty to read Thank you! To love something as much as you clearly do, to love it so much that, should tanks pull into Tiananmen Square to mow your ""thing"" down, you would be willing to stand up to them (instant-death pill on hand), is to be alive. Thank you for edjicatin' me about classical music and, especially, opera, about which I know nothing. Everything you've said jives with whatever informed opinions I've heard. Sorry for repeating myself, but it's rare to meet someone with such passion for the dying best of the human race. While I'm sorry that it seems to require your being ""in a mood"" for you to go all-out about music (or, at least so you've said), it's wonderful how you can channel that mania beneficially. We need a Society of Mania for the Public Good Just finished reading _NAME_ Demon Princes , and the recording below captured my feelings upon finishing that epic collection (I love the visuals accompanying the video): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8z1_A-Zlbw"
175991528,"You said, Your Depakote (stabilizer for bipolar) ""seems okay"" and that your ""Mood is stable."" And added, ""I'm not sleeping much with Trazodone. I can't explain how Mood okay yet zi don't get sleep needed. I think Trazodone makes it more difficult to sleep."" Well, I take Mirtazapine anti-depressant to take care of the depressed side of my manic-depression, and Lithium for my stabilizer. Because, as a manic-depressive, if you give me only an anti-depressant, with no ""cap"" on it like Lithium stabilizer, the anti-depressant alone will throw me into mania and/or I will have panic attacks. As a bipolar, I think they're are four things here. One is, getting diagnosed correctly, and we seem to be. And that is not always a given. So we passed the first hurdle, we got diagnosed correctly. OK, second is, we got on anti-depressant, I have Mirtazapine and you are taking Trazodone anti-depressant. Third, we are both on a stabilizer, to keep the anti-depressant from throwing us into mania. You are taking 
Depakote as a stabilizer, and I am taking Lithium for that. But there is a fourth issue. Sleep. Neither one of those is a sleeping pill. The difference is, I'm taking a third item for that, a sleep aid, Melatonin from the health food store, and you aren't. Have you been on your two new medicines long enough that it is OK with your doctor to try that? You can also buy that at a grocery store health food section, possibly, at a drug store or over the net."
175991529,I took another 2.5mg THC gummy for microdosing. I hope I don't zone out when I meet with the job person in 2 hours. I'm going to apply for a job at the hospital for cleaning on the weekends. They pay 20 dollars an hour.
175991530,I don’t listen to much of the lyrics but it sounds pretty crazy in the sound.
175991531,"I went onto a philosophy chat and they're making me have profound realizations.. I was like, ""I'm paralyzed by too many options. I can't do anything I'm paralyzed"" and someone said ""How can you type?"". I then said ""I need constant reassurance, I don't trust my thoughts"" and someone said ""You can reassure yourself"". I said ""I'd love to make music lyrics and every time i hear good lyrics from someone else, I'm like ""I could have wrote that... But if i did, I wouldn't think anyone would think that it's good"" and someone said ""It's natural to criticize your own work more harshly than the work of anyone else"" so I said ""Yeah I'm really hard on myself"". I'm a little more at peace. I told you I need to go to a shaman.."
175991532,Good 7.5 hour sleep. I woke up in the middle of the night to have a snack. I usually do that and end up falling back asleep. 9/10 sleep.
175991533,"Gonna go to sleep now. Not sure if I'll be able to sleep. I skip seroquel every few days and then it gets scary and I take it. I'm starting to notice the pattern. Gonna wake up at 7am early to go with my mom to the city at 9am so she can check herself out for the possible breast cancer. I have a feeling that it's nothing. I feel so good so how could I possibly get bad news? It's impossible. I just hope that I don't feel bad when the sun rises. I'll post some things that I've been posting on snapchat; ""I was taking selfies and I realize, why do some look different? They dont even look like me? What is the universe doing? I remember I was talking into the camera on a psychedelic and all I saw was someone talking it was like looking at me talking without actually feeling like I was talking. I think body dysmorphia is a form of psychosis. Like you can even look at the same picture the next day and it will be different idk."""
175991534,"Yes normally I feel obligated to tell the truth even if it might have negative consequences for me. But there have been a few rare times when lying seemed to happen automatically. Like when I was 11 I stole a cool pen that I had been wanting for a long time from a classmate. I kept bringing it to school (no idea why, it was as if I was convinced I did nothing wrong!) to use it and had absolutely no problem claiming again and again to the boy that my father had bought it and he must have lost his. I cannot understand at all how I did this, it was so obvious I had done it! Normally I would have died of shame! And even if no one had known of my crime, I would still have worried myself sick about it. (I think maybe not having that pen somehow meant to me, that as a person i was worth so very little , and to emotionally survive this, something else in me took control of me?) That is the only time I have ever stolen anything in my life. My mother told me a million times to be good (she simply didn't know 
any better about raising children, all she knew is that they had to be good). For me this meant: allways do what others expect of you even if it goes against your own needs, under no circumstance cause trouble or bother anyone with any problems you might have yourself. This message was anchored deep in me, I was a very good girl, never bothering anyone. I knew the rule to be nice to people, but when I heard someone say that you're also supposed to be nice to yourself, I was genuinely surprised. (This was in my late teens I think). The idea of being nice to myself was so alien to me. So yes I definitely also had and still have those ""good kid shackles"" on me I have realised lately that this left me with the following core thought: I don't matter at all in the world, only what others think or need is important. I guess for freeing oneself you should do opposite of this last thought. Like learning to be nice to yourself, appreciating yourself. Learn what you as a person want and need and act on this to show yo
urself that you are important. I'm in the process of learning this myself, it's not easy. Also think about what you went through in your life but you survived, and not just that, you're even having the will to keep moving forward. You are strong and resilient (you wouldnt have survived otherwise) and so brave and courageous to keep on going"
175991535,"My wife has been recently diagnosed 3 months ago with Scitzoaffective disorder with _PERSON_ symptoms; she was suffering from extreme paranoia when I found out, but its been going on since last 8-9 months behind my back with her friends in the neighborhood, in which she was thinking FBI or some people are trying to trap her. 1.5 months ago, I have moved to a different city with her and two small kids, so she slowly recovered from previous paranoia but now she is thinking that everyone in her family has been replaced with some imposters. She has been staring me & my 11 year old daughter and asking everyone if we are real or original people. 2 days ago, while talking to her, she strangely said, ""I get these voice commands to kill you and kids sometimes"", specially myself, since I am going to harm her or change her into some animal. I am not able to sleep since, although she is under the professional care visiting the doctor every week to check on her medications; but her paranoia is not getting res
olved, its just changing its forms. I have fear of my life and kids; I do love her, and wants to help her; but I don't want to do this with the cost of our lives; I am 36 years old, I will get mentally sick myself with this continuous crazy thoughts from her. What should I do? what will the best interest for my 5 and 11 year old kids? How can I make sure, we are safe from her commands?"
175991536,Usually people want to help.... Did you ever get your anchor box?
175991537,That sucks.
175991538,"Ah, I see. Maybe just pick one or two that you really want to get done and work on those. There's more time in the week. _PERSON_"
175991539,"Water in the moat too, I'll bet"
175991540,Happy bday!
175991541,"I'm on Depakote, Lithium, Seroquel, and Klonopin. Think I'm okay. 12 More On Chronic Illness Painsomnia: Getting A Good Night Sleep With Chronic Pain Overcoming Big Challenges With Chronic Illness"
175991542,Thanks _NAME_. How is your positive thinking? Are you able to think positive when trying to solve a problem?
175991543,"Really paranoid... Can't sleep... Found out that my psychiatrist had a website and that he offers ketamine treatment, as well as having an in-office lab instead of sending me off to the hospital lab."
175991544,I can’t wait to go grocery shopping next week. I have a lot of good ideas on my list of foods to get. Oh and I'm buying some reusable produce bags. Better for the environment then using those plastic ones in the store every time for every different produce you want to get that you just end up throwing away when you get home. And they're easier to open.
175991545,"I've been up since 4am. I went grocery shopping, but salmon and the usual stuff. Roommate wanted to try a can of corn beef hash so I bought her a can. I hope she like it. She thinks I eat poor people food lol. I couldn't find ground mace at _PERSON_ either. So I got nutmeg, my mom said it would work too for the navy sos. I bought apple cider too. It was so good. I haven't tasted anything this great for a very long time. It tastes like apples and not fruit syrup. Best part of my morning. It's snowing right now."
175991546,Never heard of it! I’m feeling fine mood wise-not depression or mania. I talked to my dr last week before it started lol I’m gonna try Taking a Valium when it gets really bad.
175991547,Just about 20 more minutes until I can use my headphones again. I'm not sure how to charge my vape pod without anyone noticing and asking questions. I hope my new roommate will take part in activities here and be out of the room mostly. Hope she'll make friends.
175991548,"Thanks _PERSON_ <3 I wrote a better version of this that explains some things but I still have a LOT of explaining about myself to do. ""It’s like I have a logical side that everyone likes where they’re able to converse with me and sees me as intelligent and calm. Then I have another side to me that is playful and illogical and that’s how I talk to crazy people. I’m very good at talking to people with weed psychosis but regular people hate that creative side of me and call me stupid and I find myself, looking from the eyes of others - that I know I’m being annoying. So I hate myself when I’m being myself because it doesn’t “fit in” like I’m not good enough to be a real person. But that’s the part of me that doesn’t like to talk about food, where certain places are and basic meaningless conversation - Just being a government brainwashed corporate product consumer."" I was gonna post it on Facebook but I'll post it here instead (Sorry for using the word ""Crazy"".. It just mea
ns something influenced by how my dad talks to me about my illness).."
175991549,Dr. Pepper
175991550,I like my new haircut Got some grocery shopping done too. I feel like I'm getting sick
175991551,"I did all the lab tests and the roentgens needed. The doctor who’s going to handle my surgery wasn’t there today though, so I met another doctor just to get some pain killers. I will go again bringing my tests result to be analyzed on Monday/Wednesday. Suck thing is the pain killer interacts with my psych meds. I told the doctor about it and he said to stop taking Olanzapine for a while. Told him the last time I took it was 11 PM. He said it’s okay to take the pain killer tonight then. But I’m not sure about that. I don’t know how long Olanzapine stays in our body. Also the pain killer has two active ingredients and I’m not sure if it’s safe like he told me."
175991552,I self medicated myself can't escape
175991553,The articles on the app said 10-20x restless is actually normal and common. Idk about the time awake tho.
175991554,Eat something sketchy?
175991555,I wonder if I could hide a small camera to see which of these people are the thieves. They'd steal the camera if they saw it. A locked suitcase isn't practical because there's no place to store it. The bed frame takes a lot of space.
175991556,"The best things in a crockpot are things you’d normally cook low and slow like pot roasts, pulled pork shoulder etc."
175991557,"Hi _PERSON_, Sorry to hear about the challenges that you are having. Stress has a huge impact on all our well-being -- mental, physical, emotional, and spiritual, so it's good that you are here. Having community support like this can very helpful for managing stress, while you wait for clarity and guidance from your physician. 12"
175991558,Thanks anyway _NAME_!
175991559,"OK, can we chat here?"
175991560,Manga type characters using a Manga For Idiot's guide book I bought lol
175991561,"I awoke to the baying vipers, pouncing upon any-thing that comes to mind, craws sharpened ready to degrade and dissect, mocking of any mousey murmur They hide amongst the shadows of what's telling of the truth, all too eager for an inquisition or exsuction, I wince at the sight of the supreme beings. Their parallel positioning of accounts, all for their own amusement, play for me little thing. And I will sing the tale of a bird's call."
175991562,I took my prescribed.
175991563,"there was a killer (_PERSON_) about seven years back that sent pieces of the body to government people and schools. low and behold he was actually a malignant narcissist trying to create some dark fandom online for himself. about five days before he posted the video of his murder he went on a marketing campaign. came to the AsPD subforum because he thought there'd be people who'd admire him there (I guess). made a post talking about the video. afterwords, when this all hit the news (his murder, the found body parts, the freaky ass video) there was a lot of increased activity here. probably because when people searched for the title of his video the forum would pop up. since he had mentioned it by name. the thread is still there... antisocial-personality/topic89464.html?hilit=luka"
175991564,"_NAME_ a cupcake Attached Images IMG_2689.jpg (338.0 KB, 19 views)"
175991565,Not the best is me. It shall pass. HT
175991566,"I so wish there were a way not to make stupid decisions. I decided recently to see another pdoc because I wasn't pleased with my regular pdoc. However, the one I saw suggested that I make med changes that I'm not comfortable making. Anyway, I feel stupid for making that decision. I beat myself up a lot, I guess. At least I think I know what to do now."
175991567,I am too idk why
175991568,Honeydew melon
175991569,Hey guys...
175991570,Last night as I was falling asleep I felt like someone pushed on my side. I've never had that before. I couldn't get back to sleep again. I have times where I feel a little better and then I struggle again. I'm so lost with trying to figure out what's going on.
175991571,"You shape your own identity anyway -- through action and through inaction. I think most people suffer from impostor syndrome to some extent -- the feeling of not having properly earned your identity, success, career, or accomplishments, but essentially, the saying ""fake it til you make it"" holds true to some extent."
175991572,I've been struggling with showering lately. I always end up forcing myself to take one nearly every day but it's like a battle to get myself to do it every time. For some reason the idea of it just isn't appealing even though I feel a lot better when I do
175991573,Gotta find a way to motivate myself
175991574,Yes took my morning meds. Need to take the Fish Oil and my night meds.
174390569,"So basically psychosis has nothing to do with any of this autistic-like thinking because psychosis is a set of a majority of symptoms such as hallucinations (Which psychedelics cause, which is why they're called hallucinogens). It just doesn't make sense to me and I need to make sense of this if antipsychotics for schizophrenia is controlling my life and without, psychosis is ruining my life for myself and other people. They don't even know if antipsychotics cause loss of grey matter or if it's the psychosis itself. Am I supposed to just trust the psychiatrist of western society while all the good things in life come from mystical **** and I have to think about my mom going to heaven because she has cancer? Does that mean people that I love dying makes psychosis worse because it's stress? Like what? It's all subjective and I think the main thing is to just shut up and stop thinking about these things while the illuminati mess with us and people ""Wake up"" and become enlightened and all this spirit
ual stuff.. It's crazy tbh.."
175991575,"Hi, I have a few questions. I have been schophrenic for about 5.5 years. I had had many types of hallucinations in the early days, and delusions. Eventually I quashed the delusions, but internal verbal hallucinations continued. Flash forward, and my hallucications have stopped abruptly, which is good, but weird. I'm expecting them to pop back at any time, but I'm enjoying the relief. Now, I'm going through a series of things: - getting used to not hearing and refuting voices - getting used to having spare time to think for myself - getting used to feeling settled and hopeful - and now getting used to feeling happy This all sounds good, but it is unsettling. And I'm worried that I will go manic. I certainly don't feel manic at the moment, just settled. Actually I have not been manic before but get the impression one would start to feel incredibly possible and like they can achieve anything. I am wondering if anyone has insight of what I should expect after stopping hearing voices? Is what I'm going 
through in reaction to stopping hearing voices normal? What can I look out for to detect going manic? For info I am asking my care providers for help too. Thanks, Hopeful and happy for the first time since I can remember"
175991576,"Also, I am showing signs of cognitive decline now, my memory is terrible, it has improved but it's not where it was. Also, my anxiety every morning is so bad that I can't sit down, I have to pace around the group table while I make everyone feel awkward."
175991577,"Thanks for checking in on me. I'm doing ok. I had 2 nights in a row of decent sleep. Not the greatest but definitely better. As far as effects of buspar on my anxiety, I'm not sure yet."
175991578,"Hi all! My hubby has been hypomanic for a little over a year. He was initially diagnosed with depression and was in Zoloft for several years. As soon as Zoloft started working I noticed a change in his personality. He became more argumentative and seemed to enjoy aggravating us. With every year, it just got worse. Eventually he went into full blown Hypomania. Became super happy, started doing triathlons and training every day, often several times a day. Started going to sleep at 8pm and getting up at 3am. Became very distant and unloving with me and our 3 kids. Eventually started having verbally abusive blow ups out of the blue. He was diagnosed bipolar about 2 months ago. He would not tell his Dr. his symptoms, so I finally reached out to his Dr. and told her and she had him come in right away. I know he enjoys being manic bc of how happy and productive he feels. The extra energy has also helped him to do really well in triathlons which only drives him to do it more. He also joined a running club 
and our church choir. As you can imagine, between work and all that we hardly see him. He comes home around 8-9pm and goes straight to sleep. We just say HI to each other and that’s it. First med he tried gave him too many side effects. He was put on Resperidone at lowest dose. He’s still also taking the Zoloft, 50mg. He hasn’t had a blow up and seems to be less agitated. Otherwise he still has to constantly be doing something and nothing else has changed. I’m losing hope that he will ever appreciate me and the kids and show love toward us. I’m sick with Lyme disease and currently in depression and he has no empathy what so ever. I deal with my illnesses completely alone. I miss having a partner in life and not just a roommate with a very busy life who’s hardly ever here. Hope you guys can give me some encouragement..."
175991579,"Yeah, I've heard of some of that stuff. My therapist suggested I don't go down the rabbithole but it never stops and I am sick of it. I might be a bit crazy to others but that doesn't mean it is not happening. Being quiet and ignoring it doesn't make it stop. I'm tired of being depressed about it."
175991580,Too much stuff... I think I last bought a subscription to Oxford English Dictionary online access. I like it though...
175991581,Hope you get some sleep _AT_MENTION_
175991582,I know I should feel good about what I’ve accomplished but I feel like a failure.
175991583,"My state needs to be on lockdown but it’s not, we’re expected to have 70,000 more cases here by Friday. It doesn’t seem like they have any plans to do so either. They’ve shut everything down that’s non essential but people still go out socializing. The whole country needs to be locked down right now."
175991584,No idea! A friend of mine has been begging me to watch it. Almost done with the first episode and it seems like a murder mystery
174390574,"I see now how sleep patterns can really affect my mental health. When I was 16, I was sleeping 4-5 hours a night for a year and 6-8 months I was hearing voices and having other positive symptoms and was basically manic.. then I got severe severe depression and just crassshhhheeddd then 2mg risperidone and I was sleeping 18 hours a day so I said f that and stopped taking it.. then it got worse.."
175991585,As in friendship or dating? I can tell you I must have met twenty putatives in each category before finally finding someone who liked me and I liked them too. It’s hard work. Besides we all like you here
175991586,They are good but I’m scared to not have control of my medicine. Not to if I want to take it or not but rather I have so many side effects from meds that I’d be scared that something is stuck in my body permanently for a month and I can’t stop the side effects. That’s what scares me.
175991587,Negative: sick with strep Positive: lots of packages coming soon
175991588,"I'm really hungry but we don't have anything to eat. Idk what to do. We have like peanut butter, jelly, mustard, ketchup, all these condiments but no veggies, no bread, very little eggs like 1, idk we just have nothing. And I don't have any money. I can't eat cereal cuz this specific cereal gave me diarrhea."
175991589,"_PERSON_, Everybody goes through a funk. I know I do!! I take it that you work nights. Make sure you get plenty of sleep so your not tired. Tired means cranky. Relax and be yourself. If you feel like you're getting anxious, excuse yourself and go to the bathroom and do breathing exercises. You got this. Stay Safe and Healthy _NAME_"
175991590,well I no longer have a counselor. They don't seem to stay at a long period of time every time I get a new one. I've been busy here lately after moving out of my moms and into my bff's brothers place. Cleaning and stuff. I've been more active and such and playing pokemon go and going to the park and all the other stuff. I mean it helped a little with the depression but that's pretty much it but not anxiety and such.
175991591,"It was pretty good, I would recommend it ?"
175991592,I've been there a lot this past year or so. IDK anymore.
175991593,Thanks! I'll keep working on it
175991594,My next grocery trip will be Friday. I just need to get a few more things. Including Tilapia filets
175991595,Hell yes! Diagnosed yesterday.
175991596,I hope I don't die from the new medication dose
175991597,Iced Tea but I'm about to have some Dr Pepper
175149397,"I am a high school student about to be in 11th grade. Because of COVID-19, my sophomore year was cut short back in March 2020. Of course, being inside and staying at home impacted my mental health a little bit. However, I wasn't feeling exactly down because I was just so happy I didn't have to wake up early to get up and go to school. Fast forward to now: I swear on everything I think I am suffering from depression. My sleep schedule is VERY off. I hardly eat but if I DO eat, I'll go 7 to almost 10 hours before having my next meal (and I won't even feel hungry in between meals). I have been having either very weird/uncomfortable dreams or straight up nightmares every time I go to sleep. The only feelings i have right now are just sadness and mostly longing. I miss hugging my friends. I wish I could hug people other than the family members living in my home. My dream would be to be able to just go down to the beach and ride roller coasters on the boardwalk like i did last year. Im also feeling a lot 
of regret too. WAY before COVID was a thing, I would LOVE to stay at home on the weekends. I hardly ever made plans and to be honest, I was always too tired to make plans. Along with school, I would work and then focus on my school work after I got back home from my job. So by the end of the week, I would be so beat and wouldn't want to go out because fridays (along with the rest of the weekend) were my only free days where I could just relax. But now, I wish i DID make plans back then when we all had the option to do that and not have to worry about distancing between friends and wearing masks...because as a result of this pandemic, I have no choice BUT to stay inside and not make too many plans with friends. I hate it. I think some of the saddest parts abt quarantine were when I would drop off a gift at my friend's house. I couldnt go near them...I couldn't give them a hug and say ""happy birthday"". It broke my heart. In addition to the symptoms I listed earlier, for a while I would hardly say anything to 
any members of my family. hardly a peep came out of me unless i was spoken to first. I just didn't want to talk. I have obviously acknowledged that I need some sort of help, and because I can't really get the BEST type of help, I'm trying to incorporate some type of order/routine into my life because before I made the schedule I was a mopey, sad mess. I just miss everything. I just wish this will all go away and then I can live life to the fullest. That's what I said I would always do once COVID-19 was somehow managed (cured, vaccine, etc): ""when COVID is over, Im livin my life to the fullest. Im gonna go on that roller coaster I always chickened out on, Im gonna take risks, etc. someone please let me know whether or not I should be concerned on whether or not i am depressed. thank u."
175991598,"I was about to say, you seem to have some mania but idk I could be wrong"
175991599,"""All these measures are leading to self-destruction and collective suicide because of nothing but a spook."" Please note that several of the speakers in the embedded videos are older scientists with established careers who can afford to speak more freely: https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/12-experts-question-covid-19-panic"
175991600,I stay away from food and cooking shows. _PERSON_ who the hell doesn’t get hungry watching them b1tch1s
175991601,I'm glad it worked out. I know how you feel about getting stressed out about the process. I had my home recently painted and was nervous. I only relaxed when it was over. Lol. Glad you like your new floors.
175991602,hmmm... Peanut butte/r is best in these matte/rs
175991603,But apparently I’m a gamer now.
175991604,Possible trigger: I got my period tonight. That explains the mood swings this past week
175991605,"Sent my mom some flowers from the bouqs....called picnic ? sunflowers, roses and some other stuff. Looks like peak summer."
175991606,Slept 8 minutes past noon this time. Not bad - Better than yesterday morning. The Invega is wearing off a little.
175991607,That was such a selfless act. You all should be proud.
175991608,BMC Psychiatry Screening of the college students at clinical high risk for psychosis in... Background To investigate a 3-stage screening procedure and explore the clinical features of subjects at Clinical High Risk (CHR) for psychosis in a representative sample of Chinese college students. Methods An epidemiological survey of the...
175991609,"Not much. Just working. Or rather, I'm at work. We might get bought out by another company so I've been communicating some with them on things they need in the process. I took a walk this morning. Tonight I may go to prayer meeting at Church if I don't fall asleep. _PERSON_"
175991610,I hate feeling in limbo. I don't do well with discomfort I guess.
175991611,"Yes, yes I have."
175991612,"Work was horrible for the first 2 hours. I had a massive stomach ache. I had forgotten I ate ramen when I woke up at 3am. Then when I got to work at 8am, I had coffee. Only a few sips. But coffee and ramen gives me severe gastrointestinal problems. By themselves it's fine. I quit eating ramen like 3 or 4 months ago but with no groceries right now (cuz we ate everything and cleaned out the fridge to move), I made ramen cuz it was all we had left. Plus we packed the dishes/pans. It literally was horrible. I couldn't tell for 2 hours if I needed to throw up or goto the bathroom. But it ended up being a bathroom situation. That was bad. And my boss had to see me like that. ugh. But she said it was ok and it happens. Shes very understanding and sweet. She stands her ground, but in a respectful way and I totally admire that. We even had a conversation on racism on the way back from our offices. Which takes an hour each way. It was totally civil and respectful."
175991613,Yes! One cup! That's how much I drink..
175991614,"I didn't really like the last _NAME_ book either I need to reread those books though, a big part of my childhood"
175991615,That was good luck!
175991616,Almost every night lately. But I've managed to keep myself from doing it. I'm sorry you're going through that too
175991617,Haven't taken the fish oil yet...
175991618,"My husband is not any support for my anxiety either. I do find support from the sermons my pastor and his intern broadcast on YouTube, from our church's Facebook page, and from our pastor's and intern's phone calls. Also, when it is nice out, I take my dog for a walk and sometimes I sit in the back yard and enjoy the sunshine. In addition, I play a game on Facebook which gives me an escape. Even though I am home with my husband, I have my own life too."
174390618,Have you tried the monthly injection . I have bi polar schizoaffective . And being on the injection changes me life . I would feel really bad by just taking the oral pill everyday once I took the injection it made a big difference . I’m not gonna say it’s going to be perfect but it makes it manageable to manage the symptoms better . They’d different injection I’m currently on haldo every 3 weeks . I feel better And it doesn’t cause you weight gain I have moments but Not as much as before . They have invega trinza Invega sustena . Talk to your doctor about it . See what they tell you . I hope you feel well soon hugs
175991619,"Thank you for your reply _PERSON_ but its on my left side, I think gallstones and issues with the galbladder are on the right side if I am not mistaken?"
175991620,What did _NAME_ ever see in _NAME_? I could never figure that out.
175991621,I hope they are able to give you some good advice/help! Let us know how it goes!
175991622,I think the gabapentin made me too relaxed. I don’t want to do anything now.
175991623,Sounds like a mixed episode....when was your most recent med change? If it was within a month or so I would totally call the pdoc.
174390627,"I am dealing with some things off & on, but I feel very fortunate to have many blessings. Today I have a nutritious meal planned & I hope to follow through on at least one of my important goals."
175991624,Hi I'm new to the Mental Health Community groups and just wanted to say hi just wanted to know if anyone wanted to post how they were doing today or if they need any support or help so here to help and here to get supported to I'm lucky that my depression doesn't hit me that much I'm have more bipolar highs then I have more lows lately but how about you how are you feeling today?
175991625,"Oh got it! Okay good, I am relieved to hear this actually. Chest infections can get nasty if untreated. Glad you will be on the mend with the abx and Pred! Healing thoughts continue! S.C."
175991626,Thank you so much
175991627,"My mom was a great mom by mostly she reads all day....not necessarily educational stuff, there were different expectations of women back then...."
175991628,It is poisionous to our system to cut most extended release medications. HT.
175991629,Will be discharged from hospital today
175991630,"I did for years, too. Finally switched to tea and just totally lost the desire for java."
175991631,"_PERSON_ I used to take ambien. Gosh, my mom found me in her pantry eating 12 bags of chips in the middle of the night. I even walked through an empty field and jumped a neighbors fence at 1am in the pouring rain. They had to drive me home, I walked so far out. yikes"
175991632,yes I did
175991633,I like paperback books better than ebooks. I mean ebooks are great and convenient but there’s just something about holding a physical book and flipping through the pages.
175991634,I have an appointment with my therapist today _AT_MENTION_. I feel like I need to drink all my Irish cream before I start clozaril next week. I’ll be too scared to drink while on it.
175991635,"Awesome! I definitely have more left, got a half gallon ?"
175991636,Still in intense grief over losing my son Coroners report was full of inaccuracies and assumptions Police refuse to give me their report Does anyone know what type of service I should pursue to have his death investigated Someone who can validate a bad coroners report and legally obtain the police report? Having extreme anxiety about what bad thing is going to happen to me next Thought taking care of my mother from 1200 miles away and then the roller coaster of her last months was the hardest thing I’d ever go through and it was over Then I lost my son to either a tragic gun accident or suicide I’m too scared to say this is the worst thing I’ll ever go thru It was ruled suicide but nothing adds up I’ve been through every bit of his belongings and there was no darkness found The day it happened he had pleasant exchanges with friends and plans to go out that night He had put his dinner in the oven Finding out it was an accident won’t bring him back but would take 1000 lbs off my shoulders I 
can’t believe he would do this to me I dread Mother’s Day
175991637,I completely understand where you're coming from. My father was an alcoholic who's idea of a good time was to beat me well beat is an understatement but luckily my siblings never felt that pain they could do no wrong in his eyes. Despite all that all I have ever wanted to do was please him and just once him act like I was important to him or him be proud of me. It's still that way to this day as an adult. He even went as far as putting a letter in a Christmas card to me basically telling me I was an embarrassment to his last name that I wasn't amounting to shit and never would but my siblings were perfect including my little brother who at 17 was sentenced to 17 years in prison for arson armed robbery gta etc. He didn't even want to get to know my daughter his granddaughter. He scheduled my grandpa's funeral for when he knew I had dialysis treatment and couldn't go. I was his first son but he treats me like a nobody. I finally learned fuck him I have a good life and I'm going to live my life for me 
and the only way he has power over me is if I let him. Don't let your father question your worth find value in yourself and associated with others who can see your worth. Feel free to respond if you need to talk.
175991638,Was having trouble with TAPATALK
175991639,Note 9 1. The message you have entered is too short. Please lengthen your message to at least 8 characters.
174390684,"Dear _AT_MENTION_, I completely understand your feelings. My heart feels a lot of pain for you. Your mother has been abusing you for too long. You will be free now. God bless you!!! I wish so much for you!!!"
175991640,"Hugs, newtus! Meditate? Breathing deeply?"
174390673,"my sister visited and noted that I look skinnier. It's true that I've been more careful with food because I'll run out of my own on the 13th. There's also the fact that I haven't been exercising, so I'm probably losing muscle mass or muscle weight. But once I apply for and get some official date of food benefits, I'll feel more confident in soliciting churches for food. The government might assign me a job in exchange for food benefits: that's why I'm more confident in getting food benefits rather than soliciting. The governments also seem to emphasize that they don't discriminate: I don't want to starve because local people are discriminant or exercise prejudice against me."
175991641,I slept from 2am-2pm.. Usually I sleep from 12am-12pm. I'm too dependent on the Vyvanse. I think the evening Dexedrine could be causing me to be even more tired before I take the Vyvanse the next day. It makes me scared for if it ever gets taken away.
175991642,Spinach salad with raspberry vinaigrette and a baked sweet potato
175991643,"I'm so sorry, _AT_MENTION_ That's such a hard thing to do."
175991644,"super _NAME_ woman, that sounds like you are sliding into a depression... worst sign, you do not enjoy doing any activity you loved once... I have those days. But have been on meds for a while now, so its just a bad day here and there.... do you do therapy/counselling? I does help.. i do once a week and still bawl every time. lots of sports, walking with dogs.... sleeping right and being on a schedule helps me. eating healthy as well. have family and two daughter.. and a long story of a sad and slow death of a marriage......."
175991645,"That’s a great idea, you definitely should !"
174390694,"In 2011, I was put on psychiatric medications that made my mania worse. My psychiatrist in the hospital back then told me that, in his opinion, I should never go on stimulants ever again. He said that a lot of other psychiatrists would disagree with him about this. But that was his opinion. So he put me on Clozaril, which is a mood stabilizer. And it's allowed me to manage my bipolar disorder quite well ever since then, I'm glad to say."
175991646,Food is like the only thing going right now...
175991647,Maybe I'll make a myfitnesspal account
175991648,"Know people are coming together to help combat what is going on. I am going to help make face masks. I am helping a friend and co-moderator, she is doing all the sewing though. But there are people trying to help. I think if we all work together (separately) we can weather this storm. Hang in there everybody. And if anyone wants to make pieces to keep their minds busy, it is 9""x6"" for adult and 7.5x5 for children. I am going to cut up a sheet. This is keeping my mind occupied so that I don't over think. This is all donation. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175991649,Thanks Desoxyn!!
175991650,"You said, ""I have been recently diagnosed and I am struggling with this, so much so that I feel trapped in my own head constantly monitoring myself to see if I’m showing sings of bipolar. I’ve been on antidepressants for 20 years."" I'm bipolar and take not only an anti-depressant (Mirtazapine) for the depression, but a stabilizer (Lithium) for the mania. If I'm bipolar and took only an anti-depressant, it would throw me into a mania, for there would be no stabilizer to control the anti-depressant. So, are you taking a stabilizer such as Lithium? Are you bipolar? Healthline.com says about mania: ""Mania is a state of elevated mood. During manic episodes, you may feel very high-spirited, energetic, and creative. You may also feel irritable. You may engage in high-risk behaviors, such as substance abuse or increased sexual activity. You may spend money foolishly, make bad investments with your money, or behave in other reckless ways. “Manic episodes can last for a week or longer” Is this wha
t you have?"
175991651,"Hey there, that must be hard for you to deal with every day. I have extreme anxiety as well… makes me physically sick sometimes when I’m at church or with a large group of people. It took me a while to identify, but my anxiety is triggered by lack of sleep, going shopping if I’m alone, high stressed tones when other people talk, when I’m stressed, or if I’ve made a big mistake (and others point it out to me). My anxiety, depending on the day, depending on my stress levels, will skyrocket when these things happen. Not always, though. And it’s a continuous process to determine what causes my anxiety to flare, I also take some time out of my days to do things to relieve it, yet it still gets to be bad. One trick if you have social anxiety, is when things start getting out of hand… plug in to a soothing instrumental. I’d recommend YouTube instrumentals, or on the Calm app. Both are great options, Calm also has guided meditation and nature sounds, as well. Likely, you’re doing somethin
g/exposing your self to something that triggers your anxiety without realizing it. You are not alone – we’re here for you!"
174390695,eh we've tried mixing them too. I was on haldol and zyprexa... saprhis and zyprexa... haldol and abilify... Like I told the pdoc at the hospital... I rather be fat and happy than thin and sick.
175991652,"Morning, I feel much calmer this afternoon (my time now). I guess the shock has passed. I’m very thankful"
175991653,"I think the prescription was correct, because the old one was BUPROPION HCL XL 150 MG TABLET Tablet Extended Release 24 hr and the new one is BUPROPION HCL SR 200 MG TABLET TABLET SUSTAINED-RELEASE 12 HR I guess that's why it has to be taken 2 times a day. I'll still verify with my doctor though to make sure"
175991654,Good to learn of that. How are you with your thyroid levels?
175991655,"The bf has some sort of hepatitis....it’s not clear whether it’s drug induced or viral.....until we know I can’t go visit him. It’s also my vacation week from school....I was going to go out and take care of him but now we don’t want me to get infected so we need to wait for more conclusive test results. Personally I think it’s a rare reaction to a drug they gave him a couple weeks ago, an antibiotic. They told him to use paper plates and plastic utensils until he gets better so he doesn’t infect his mom. Luckily they have separate bathrooms. I mean it would be one thing if it were like the flu an lasted a week but this can last months."
175991656,I give up for now
175991657,"How to Talk to Anyone by _PERSON_, True Love by _PERSON_, Peace is Every Breath by _PERSON_, and The Art of Communicating by _PERSON_. I just finished a few others and I'm probably reading other books that I forgot to mention here."
175991658,No problem I thought it would be interesting to post my study of the interplay of what the 'voices' attempt to do to their chosen victim or plaything. I was interested to see if they use the same basic abuse methods upon any other suffering 'voice' hearer.
175991659,No he’s working. Everyone’s working.
175991660,"Am still in quarantine. I've been in my room for days now. I let my sisters cat outside (But I have to watch her because she can run away), sat down in the yard and played some music, checked crypt0, reddit - Beautiful day outside nice blue sky and sunshine. It's like meditation. I feel very good - No problems at all."
175991661,Wild _PERSON_ | Listen via Stitcher for Podcasts Something about pain and speaks of some Christianity. You may like this Newtus (cause of a christian outlook) or anyone who's may be in pain right now. A friend sent it to me today.
175991662,A community outreach worker is gonna phone me about meeting up with strangers for coffee. All the social activities that he mentions makes me anxious. I'm not normal. Idk if I want to do it anymore and I hate talking on the phone.
175991663,Stay warm _AT_MENTION_!
175991664,How is it?
175991665,I think we can get small panic attacks when we sleep and dream - Soemtiems it says my heart beat is 200+.. idk.. + Use your insight _AT_MENTION_. It does us good. Likelier that people would steal something from your car or something like that rather than putting a tracker.
175991666,"_PERSON_, I hope that it went well for you today, or if it is yet to happen, that you can mentally prepare yourself for feeling your possible best during this challenge. Use your tools, you are strong in them! ...and remember that in the past things like this have usually turned out better than you originally anticipated! Peace and progress, _PERSON_"
175991667,"And supplements, too, including fish oil."
175991668,"[/quote] Being born from the ground like the podpeople in body snatchers, can also be seen in Platos republic where Socrates talks about the ""ideal Just city"". Where people are brainwashed into believeing they are not born from their parents but from the state itself. While seeing bodies emerging from the ground may be disturbing to witness; at a psychic level, most ""individuals"" accept ""motherland"" ""fatherland"" and even if they are not nationalistic like tolkiens orcs, at least derive most, if not all of their identity from external ideologies that emerege from a place they barely know exists - because it is everywhere, the foundation which they walk on. My guess would be that the folklore of doppellgangers would have emerged when tribes around the world encountered imperial civilisations with their unified absolute morals. the fear of loss of individuality and being assimilated into the collective probably causes certain people to withdraw into themselves. Ironically, by removing close in
timate, family and friend ties they end up becoming the very pod people that have replaced everything about themselves with whatever product the collective produces for them."
175991669,We’d miss you sooo dearly BB. So dearly. Maybe take a hiatus? You are the positive pinnacle of this little group and have been an established positivity source for ALL of us.
175991670,What I've learned in my 23 years of living is that rules don't make sense. And they are stupid in a place where I don't want to be.
175991671,I think the spray is way cheaper.
175991672,"Feeling depressed today. Not that it is unusual. I was having hallucinations earlier of people but they've pretty much gone away. I did have a migraine earlier too. Not sure if there is a connection. But I've been having migraines for three days now. Dad's birthday yesterday. We went out to a nice steak restaurant after Church. Then he opened his presents: gift cards to _PERSON_. Then I tried to take a nap because all I ever want to do anymore is sleep, sleep, sleep. Then we watched some TV and ate German chocolate cake which is his favorite."
175991673,That's awesome Newtus!
175991674,I'm sorry you were locked in the basement for the longest time. I understand the feeling of needing to get out and do something. Aside from being locked in a bedroom for days without food at my dads my mom refused to let me go outside and play with the neighborhood kids. I was always stuck inside because my mom didn't want to go outside and watch me.
175991675,"I just had to start writing something down. It’s been 3 months and 11 days since I found out my wife cheated on me. She did a great job convincing me it had to happen cause she was so angry, depressed, and didn’t love me anymore. Long story short we patched things up and are now in a better state. Or so it seems! I’ve had pretty bad dreams lately of her cheating on me. It brings back the anxiety and pain I felt the first 2 months. It makes me want to just say fuck it! This shit isn’t worth it anymore and I want out. I feel like sticking around will inevitably cause me to linger. I feel so broken because I love her. I want to love her but when I think back on how I used to love her. It’s not the same. These feelings make me so angry and I just don’t feel the same. I don’t know how to or if I should tell her. I feel like she’ll put it back on me. She’ll make me feel like I treated her so bad the last couple years and that’s what led to her infidelity. I know I neglected her and I 
wasn’t always there but I had my own problems I was trying to deal with too. Anyway this is long enough and I just needed an outlet. Thanks to anyone who took the time to read. Hopefully I’ll be able to feel your good vibes and energy to help me get through this mental obstacle course that my mind is running through."
175991676,"Yeah, I've been at work all day today but I was surprised to see that I only have an hour left. Yeah! Then it is the weekend!! Lots of football and Church this weekend for me. Plus book club. I haven't been to book club in three weeks. I'm going to suggest we read the book my Pdoc has suggested to me called Abundance. I figured if other people are reading it with me, I may be able to wield the concentration to finish the book. I'd like to read it since he so nicely gave me a copy. Actually he gave me two. He forgot he had already given me one."
175991677,Weight gain is difficult. I try to have lots of veggies around so when I want to snack I snack on those.
175991678,"Talked with my friend ""_NAME_"". Met him in _NAME_ Hortons again. The things we talk about in public are ridiculous lmao. He said he finds me interesting (Even though I said I was a zombie from my injection) and wants me to meet his son. His son is a genius from the sounds of it. _NAME_ said that if he gives his son a piece of paper, he can sit there for hours just writing mathematical equations.. He's studying to be a physicist or something.. My mom is feeling sick. I bought her three bottles of ginger ale, did the dishes for her and asked if she needs anything to just call or text me cuz I'm in my room. I asked if she took her beta blocker (I always do cuz she forgets.. I'm gonna get her a med box so she doesn't forget..).."
175991679,Also got into some stupid argument on social media the other day. I hate getting into such arguments.
175991680,Not really I just turn video off during zoom....
175991681,Just got a massive craving for McDonalds. There’s one across the street from the church I’m going to start going to this weekend so maybe once in awhile after mass I can treat myself to lunch there
175991682,I can look through my recipe books and let you know if I find anything
175991683,"When I had anxiety issues, after a while, I got sick and tired of dealing with the anxieties as well. However, I've been a lot calmer and a lot mentally healthier since. Treatment helped me. And it can help you as well, Angels. Good to have you here, Angels!"
175991684,"One of the most difficult challenges to overcome when dealing with a mental illness is the temptation of the excuse. With a psychiatric diagnosis comes an excuse for everything. Any bad behavior, lack of motivation, or failure can be passed off as a symptom or the result of an episode. The excuse is always available. Don’t take it. No one’s asking you to take responsibility for having a mental illness. That’s not your fault. But you have to take responsibility for your actions. Sure, unexpected things happen as a result of a serious mental illness, but most of our behavior is within our control, or at least our influence. And the behavior that most influences our wellness is compliance. If you have a treatment regimen that works, stick with it. If you had one and left it, get back on it. While many of us bemoan the fact that we’ll never be well, treatment success rates for mental illness are very high. The National Institute of Mental Health has shown success rates for treatment of bipolar 
disorder of 80%, for schizophrenia 60%, depression, 70 – 80%, and panic disorder, 70 – 90%. Compare this to treatment success rates for heart disease of only 45 – 50%. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/06/noncompliance-and-the-abdication-of-responsibility/"
175991685,HOME | ProFrontal
175991686,"I went to the thing in the community room today. Just got back upstairs. I had a hotdog, popcorn, and a capri sun. We watched Fright Night 2: New Blood. It was fun. Only one other person came to it aside from me and the supportive housing case manager but it was still a nice time. They're doing another showing of it at 4pm today. Not sure how many people will be going to that one."
175991687,Tomorrow will start again with GP…
175991688,"Sleepytime tea and oatmeal Attached Images IMG_2886.jpg (333.6 KB, 7 views)"
175991689,Can you do it online and get the registration over email? They do that in michigan. I kep the registration file and a snapshop of the payment for tags just in case the police pulled me mover. It took 3 weeks to get them in the mail. CLose call.
175991690,When I have a bunch of emotions swirling around it often helps to write. I don't know if it's the same for you.
175991691,He called and I didn't answer the phone. I'm too unmotivated to talk and don't know what to say. I feel like he won't understand.
175991692,you remember where you got that from? Just a curiosity.
175991693,"They are always bringing things to the break room to snack on where I'm at. Apparently my work has a deal with local grocers. We take expired food from them and yea, I guess they put it in the break room. It's always like lots of cake and pies."
175991694,Are you taking them now?
175991695,Staying up all night
174390772,"If I really have autism and not schizophrenia, I'm going to Peru to drink Ayahuasca every day for a week.."
175991696,I had coffee and Iced tea for breakfast along with eggs and English muffins. Kind of like an egg sandwich thing. It was good.
175991697,About to eat supper
175991698,That sounds excellent....I’m a fan of peach cobbler too ?
175991699,Good point!
175991700,"I used to smoke weed and i'd prefer to have fewer puffs with extra weed to not feel the tabacco because i hate tabacco and i dont know how people go on to their second cigarette after the first one was so bad, i knew at my first puff that this would be the last"
175991701,Why is section 8 a bad thing? It’s a good program that brings housing to poor people?
175991702,I’m trying to do vegetarian on weekdays just to lose weight.
175991703,"Just eating lunch now: lunch meat sandwich, apple sauce, Doritos, and pudding."
175991704,I've been doing Noom for about 11 days Possible trigger: lost 10 pounds which is good. But you get a Noom Coach and I'm not sure if it is a real person or AI. I'm worried they might be spying on me.
175991705,Awesome!!
175991706,That's awesome I've been obsessed with smoothies since I got my blender lol
175991707,"I dont think you're supposed to take sarcosine with an antidepressant. I read that on a schiz forum just now. They said no antidepressants in general, but definitely no maoi's."
175991708,"Would it be a good idea to talk to your dad, ask his opinion of what things you should focus at the moment and ask him to keep checking on the progression of those things?"
175991709,"Nope, I think the med combo I’m on is not good though because this keeps happening. Something needs to change."
175991710,"When my mom gets cured of cancer, I'm gonna find some friends and we're gonna travel the world."
175991711,Haven't been the best. Soldiering on. HT.
175991712,"Our Christmas Tree Attached Images Christmas Tree.jpg (418.0 KB, 0 views)"
175991713,I just seen that mystery package is my succulents after all.
175991714,"Hello, guys! I wanted to ask you today what helped you or helps you the most with your depression. Is there one thing that you know works for you and what is it? I’m gonna start by saying, I think the thing that helps me the most is the support of my closest people. I recently asked my husband did he see me getting depressed. Did he see any change in me and he shocked me by saying “no”. He said “I saw you were crying but that’s it, it was not visible change”. This kind of made me think that if I didn’t tell him I felt depressed he would not get it on his own. I’m introverted and stuff but still I thought my struggle was visible. After I told him that I felt sad and depressed and anxiety is just destroying me, he was there for me. So I think admitting to people that you don’t feel good is a very important first step. Your struggle is not necessarily visible even to you closest friends and family. You have to open up to them. So, was there one specific thing that helped with your de
pression?"
175991715,Hello everyone! I’m hosting an online a support group using zoom. It is at 5pm eastern time every Sunday. 2 hours from now. Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv
175991716,Looking to spend some time on New Year’s Eve with you guys. Anyone wanna start a group chat where we can all chat?
175991717,Ahhh I didn’t even know. I thought it was a seasonal thing.
175991718,"yes, I did. My mom has been having me rinse my hair with vinegar because she said it is getting oily. So I did that and washed my hair today."
175991719,I hear you Job. I filed unemployment yesterday because my work is furloughing everyone for two days a week. I'm not sure I filled out the form correctly so I may have screwed it all up. But I doubt I'll even get that much because I'm still working. I'm not sure it is worth it either but I figure it is worth a shot. I'm sorry it's so much work and trouble because I know how hard it is. Hope it works out for you. _PERSON_
175991720,"So to update I did buy the Xbox One and it will be here this week! I am so excited!! Playing some games on my Switch tonight, not sure which ones yet"
174390797,Yesssss!!!!!!
175991721,It is!
175991722,This pandemic is such a ****ing buzzkill.
175991723,"Yeah I’ve been in the bedroom too much too...bfs mom for some reason is downstairs doing laundry like every day....I’m convinced she washes stuff twice just to hog the machine every day, lol"
175991724,You’ve really got to have a great first page....not a psych book but take the name of the wind....it starts amazing and never stops.
175991725,I guess it's probably best to just escape for awhile in a game then go to sleep early and forget about today
175991726,"I really really want to watch _PERSON_, but with the Corona virus floating around this city, going to the theater might not be a good idea. She’s my favorite Disney Princess ?"
175991727,What med changes have you had lately? Did you decrease one I think? Also sorry you’ve been feeling that way....
175991728,Maybe idk. Its mostly nerve pain. I have an appt with my hand dr next weds
175991729,Yes I did and I washed my hair.
175991730,may play the freakos madda****ow game tonight lol.
175991731,I have a migraine today. My head still hurts even after taking two doses of sumitriptan.
175991732,"It's a roller coaster. Each day comes with new challenges. More On Chronic Illness Seizure-Free : From Epilepsy To Brain Surgery, I Survived And You Can, Too! Are Opioids An Option For My Chronic Pain?"
175991733,We had a roast slow cooked in the crock pot last night for dinner with mashed potatoes and green beans. One of my Mom's favorite dinners and so easy to make!
175991734,"I'm sorry to hear that DT, i hope she'll be okay"
175991735,Welp..._PERSON_ did NOT like the female vet. Thank god we always muzzle him. Jesus. He was okay with everyone else but he was not a fan of _NAME_. They were out of rabies shots now I have to bring him back in. Good times. Find out abt his tests tomorrow.
175991736,Went grocery shopping today
175991737,I just need to spend time cleaning my apartment and getting myself into a better daily routine
175991738,Would be nice to have an in person friend in the building
175991739,"I'm DONE, got my last 2 fillings!!!!!! I don't have to get any more fillings or anything. Just go back every 6 months for a cleaning/checkup Yay!! Proud of myself too because I didn't take klonopin before my appointment. I probably should have but it went well considering I didn't take it"
175991740,Sorry SK
175991741,"Gonna have grilled chicken, steamed mixed vegetables, and _NAME_ tomatoes for dinner. Trying to eat healthy and lose weight."
175991742,"Oh, cool. My username is bpcyclist, is that what you mean?"
175991743,Why does my mom always seem like she's on ecstasy pills? I should have inherited those emotional genetics but I didn't
175991744,Sounds good!
175991745,Possible trigger: I was watching a show and one character was suicidal and was talked down from shooting himself and another one admitted that he’s had suicidal thoughts as well and for some reason it hit me hard and intrusive thoughts entered my brain. Stupid brain.
175991746,Ornamental pear tree....
175991747,Apparently over much of the south with this storm.....
175991748,_PERSON_
175991749,I don’t even see my pdoc anymore. She put my prescription on repeat at the pharmacy so it automatically gets repeated.
175991750,"I do too. No planner works for me, paper wise. But I do good with the built in calendar with my phone but I need a calendar with a bit more oomph."
175991751,Great stuff. Keep strong. HT
175991752,"All human beings are entitled to a basic level of human respect and dignity, you included. What do you think the not feeling worthy is all about?"
175991753,Chocolate
175991754,Made the mistake of taking my meds before I ate. Threw up again. Due to metformin. It’s supposed to be taken with food.
175991755,Exercise can cause it but so can standing for a while with your hands hanging down.....
175991756,"I've been playing Half Life 2 lately. It's been awhile since I played a game. I think that's because I enjoy reading and writing over old games. I really have trouble finding new games to play with a great story _NAME_. The one game I want to play, Skyrim, isn't compatible with intel graphic chipsets. :-/ I'm happy to see there will be a vampire the masquerade sequel though. The first is among the best games i've ever played. It's not a cult classic, albeit with lots of bugs. However, it's universally liked so much that there has been regular updates by fans of the game to fix the bugs."
175991757,That's wonderful.
175991758,I love _PERSON_
175991759,Awesome!
175991760,I guess I'll just try to get rid of it naturally. It has improved over the past few months so I guess that's a good sign.
175991761,"True yes, but I haven’t had a private doc that has wanted records yet. But that’s super common in gov mental health agencies. And I’ve been with this specific doc for 2 years now. It’s unlikely he’d want them at this point. But who knows."
175991762,"hi again..i would do what your dr suggested..get off the buspar since you said it made the spaced out feeling worse..and get back on the antidepressant and use the xanax as needed..what dose is the xanax...if those 2 things don`t help,,i suggest you do see a mental health professional..they so much better at understanding and know what to prescribe...sometimes thinking you will have a panic attack makes it worse..try to do some deep breatheing..tulips is right,,they won`t kill you,,just try to stay in the moment..take a xanax when you feel one coming on..would you be able to take one at work? hopefully the antidepressant will kick in and stop the panic attacks..hang in there..we have all been there.."
175991763,Thanks for that! It’s interesting. But I would suggest you don’t mess with your meds. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175991764,Apathy.....
175991765,I wrote a Christmas song on phenibut I'll post it later
175991766,"Merry Christmas, everyone!"
175991767,I've never watched The Office but it's on Netflix so once I'm done with Shameless and Schitts Creek I'll start watching it
175991768,"Sorry I went to sleep. I'm feeling a bit better in the morning, just got hit by a wave of psychosis last night."
175991769,Morning corona cough. Need a coffee to wake up maybe advil.
175991770,Same. I’ve been gardening ?
175991771,I love getting a new phone! With a nice new battery!
175991772,Just about time for a new Roll Call
175991773,"Same for me if I sleep an hour or two, my heart beats normal again. I think the most I've stayed awake was 50 hours or something.. Even with crystally stim, I'd take it in the morning and go to sleep every night - Didn't keep me up for days like regular people.."
175991774,Company I work for has cancelled all business travel and anyone who has travelled internationally or has come in contact with anyone who has travelled internationally has to self quarantine for 14 days. All team meetings cancelled. All pot lucks cancelled. All social club activities cancelled. They’re looking heavily into options for people to work at home. Taking it quite seriously. Only three cases here so far but everyone is panic shopping and freaking out.
175991775,Yay local! Get your freaky on!
175991776,"It's been a while, but I'm back. I've had some new events unfold and it's causing me a great amount of grief. I thought this might be the best place to come back ""home"" to. I've had palpitation problems for years (as my thread can attest to.) In the time since I started posting here I have officially been diagnosed with anxiety disorder and depression. I have started seeing a therapist twice a month to help me get past some of those problems. In the mean time, my palpitations continued, so my doctor got me a screening. I had a blood test, a CT scan, and an EKG done. Everything came back fine on that, but the palpitations continued. The seemed to get worse as I started to have runs of them many nights where I would eat supper and a short while later I'd have what would feel like 3-5 in a row and cause me significant stress worrying that this was a bad sign. My doctor, wanting to give me peace of mind, got back with my heart doctor and had me set up on a three day monitor. The cardiologist gave me 
a clean bill of health following the three day monitor and for the last year I've been fine. Even when I had palpitations or flutters or runs of them I'd shake it off because ""cardiologist said I'm fine."" Then came the beta blocker. My regular doctor wanted my blood pressure down from its average of 140/90 and the lisinopril she had me on wasn't doing the trick so she wanted me to try a low dose beta blocker in with it. She even said that it might help ease what PVCs I did have. I had reservations about taking them, but I gave in. This past Monday I cut the pill in half (she gave me that option) and took it and went about my business. Same thing on Tuesday. Though, on Tuesday I started to have a flare up of PVCs. lt was unusual since I hadn't had many in the last year, and it freaked me out enough I decided to stop taking the beta blocker. My doctor is closed Wednesdays, so I wasn't able to speak to her, but on Wednesday afternoon my PVCs flared up to a point that I've never seen before. I was having dozens 
an hour, and in some cases 3-5 per minute and a few runs of them. This went on all afternoon into the night to the point that by 2am I became so frightened and frustrated that I decided to go to the ER. Thankfully, it was almost deserted so they took me right in to check me out. The nurse hooked me up to the monitors and they did an EKG on me. The head doctor came in about 30 minutes later somewhat bewildered saying that while I was having PVCs, nothing on my monitor or EKG was alarming him in anyway, and he was actually surprised I was feeling them. He did feel that on some level the beta blocker did cause a flare up, but he felt the heightened amount was also causing me anxiety which was playing off of each other giving me worse and worse PVCs. He kept monitoring me for another 2 hours and gave me a blood test. He found absolutely nothing wrong with me other than the fact that I was feeling every PVC I experienced. He sent me home, told me not to take any more beta blockers and to follow up with my doctor. 
Even before I got home the number of skips I was feeling had fallen considerably. I was able to sleep comfortably all morning, and even though I felt a good number during the day Thursday I never got anxious about them. Today (Friday) I went for the follow up with my doctor. She looked at the paperwork from the ER and said the ER doctor was right. There was nothing on my EKG that looked suspect in the least other than the PVCs which she already knew I had. She felt that anxiety played a huge role in this. I came home feeling good, only had a handful of PVCs, and then I went outside. I had a run of them. I don't know how many, I just know I felt several flip flops in my chest and it completely undid everything my doctor and the ER doctor told me. I came in and had a breakdown. I started crying out of a sense of frustration and fear. Here I was just a few hours before being told I was fine, and now I'm right back to square one. After that moment, the PVCs have increased ten fold. Occasional flutters, mostly ski
pped beats or a double beat here or there. Even as I write this, I have felt about one or two PVCs every minute. I don't want to go back to the ER, but it being a Friday evening if it gets worse or I don't calm down it maybe my only choice. Any feedback would be much appreciated. 1 2 3"
174390886,I'm okay. I'm stressed about work a bit because I'm not able to complete some of my tasks (waiting on other's to be able to complete). Sleep is good. Voices are okay.
174390885,I did the first part of training for the job and my parents were shouting in the back. I was embarrassed and could not focus but will continue with the next training session. I don’t know how I survived with my family but am glad that I am leaving from here soon.
175991777,Bun in the oven. ?? Doc best. HT
175991778,"Yes something about _PERSON_ (An alt coin) ""fork in the road"" happening today on the 23rd - Or he's going to fork it with _PERSON_ not sure.. He might be trolling the crypto market and to help South Africa etc.. Just theories people throw out..."
175991779,"No, maybe tomorrow."
175991780,Me too. So bored.
175991781,I'm pretty much playing FFXIV exclusively right now. Boosted my white mage to lvl 70 so I can help heal in raids for a friend of mine soon.
175991782,"Thanks _AT_MENTION_ !! I wasn’t counting on this so its one big less stresser. _AT_MENTION_ I’m glad you got your disability too. I really think I got lucky I got approved so quickly, I got a specialist lawyer with a background in psychology from the start and didn’t have to pay anything unless I won my case. SSA declared my disability started the day I lost my job last year. So my lawyer will get a 25% of my back pay."
175991783,YouTube lose yourself- eminem / _NAME_ vinel
175991784,"So tired. Ready to start the three day weekend, but I still have an hour left of work. Argh. I ordered a new watch on Amazon. The one I have is digital when I'm not wearing my fit bit which is fine but it chirps every hour and I don't know how to make it stop. And then at 1 AM an alarm on the watch goes off for like 10 minutes. It's really annoying. I don't know how to fix it either."
175991785,"That's weird....that doesnt make sense. I paid like 80 cents for my haldol and it 5mg too. For like, 2-3 years. Haldol was my cheapest med."
175991786,"I agree with _AT_MENTION_ psychotic. I don't use my BA at all, but I got an MA in my field."
175991787,"Great question roxy8820! Anxiety and Anticipatory Anxiety are problems for many but there are ways to successfully cope or possibly overcome these challenges. Keep in mind that ridding ourselves of habits and mindsets that may have dominated our lives for years will take time. Don't be discouraged when you have setbacks. The more you work at it, the more your new behavior will become a part of you. Here are some great practical tips that I have found helpful. 1-Recognize and admit the habit. Ask yourself 'Do I really benefit from this? How much better off would I be without it? 2-Replace the negative with positive. i.e., read, study, or exercise. 3-Monitor your progress for a few minutes daily. If you have a relapse determine what led up to it. 4-Enlist the help of others. Tell friends or family what you are doing and ask them to help. 5-Be balanced and realistic. Do not expect immediate success. 6-Pray"
175991788,About to have a sandwich and an apple.
175991789,"You are not alone. I too feel terribly ashamed to have the life I have, relative to others, and feel no joy in living. I wish I could find an online depression support group. Forums like this are better than nothing. I’m thankful to know there are so many of us out there... but sad to know there are so many of us out there. As for meds... been on several. They aren’t too helpful for me. But I try everything suggested?"
175991790,Had a nice chat with my sister on the phone
175991791,I was going to talk to my mom about it when we went on a walk today but unfortunately it is raining. I will just keep waiting.
175991792,There is a whole lot of back story with this situation so it is hard to understand. My wife honestly tolerates her father because he is her father. We both knew he was difficult but did not get the whole picture till he moved in with us. When my wifes mother was on her deathbed she made my wife and her brother promise to take care of her dad. They both agreed yet the moment the funeral was over her brother split town leaving us to care for him. I am a person of faith so I know I must honor thy mother and father. My wife and I just went ahead and bite the bullet because he had no one else at this point. Both my wife and I now wish he had stayed in his own home. The whole issue with this message is that he really just stresses us both out. I already suffer from anxiety and health issues having cancer and degenerative disc disease. I don't like feeling the way I do and if I had it to do over I would not have agreed to any of this. I do appreciate the understanding from everyone as it grieves me terribl
e to feel the way I do toward him. I know I should love and show compassion but his years of turning a deaf ear to us just eats away at me. Thanks again everyone. I am sorry to burden you all with this I just feel like I am ready to explode today.
175991793,"M., Yes, being sick is a common H/A trigger! I have read many similar posts to yours here. Rest assured that what you have is a common passing virus that will not cause you anything more than mild, temporary discomfort. See our Resources at the top of the main forum page here for coping skills to get you through this challenging time. Well wishes! _PERSON_"
175991794,Hi _NAME_! I’m so glad lexapro is continuing to work great for you! That is such good news! I love hearing positive feedback on lexapro. I pray it continues to get better in time for me and continues to work successfully as it has done in the past. Wishing you all a great weekend
175991795,"My stomach is irritated. I was eating healthy for weeks, and then I had pizza, and it messed my stomach up."
175991796,"I've been distracted half the day by voices, hours of them, I just paced while I heard them, the day was wasted mostly, hopefully tomorrow will be more productive"
175991797,The post was about me not you @ Newtus I'm just in a weird mood today
175991798,"No, I gave up on my case manager because she can't take me at certain times and I was suppose to go in a couple days ago because somehow I was scheduled but my case manager didn't want to take me or said couldn't because it was too early."
175991799,You are a natural...also i like the bright colors..... Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175991800,"I can't seem to file for unemployment by any means, not through the automated, not through online, not through calling a representative. It's all crashed becaue there are too many people flooding it. Tonight I will try again at around 12am online. It's weird that I can't through the automated because after I give my social security it tells me ""Invalid action"". There is no question about it, that is my damn social security number. I even looked on my ss card and it's it! This is the second day I've tried to do this. Hell, when I call for a representative, it wont even give me a wait time it just says it's flooded and is not taking calls. wtf is up with that. The website freezes and won't refresh. This is madness. My only option is to wait and try the online at night and then try it at 8am sharp. Michigan needs to fix this, this is unacceptable."
175991801,My hope is to receive my disability decision (positive ) and begin receiving disability deposits. Then I'm going to look at some courses in Google and coursera.
175991802,Yes I did. I'm proud of myself because I was really tempted not to.
175991803,Thank you _PERSON_
175991804,"I think it's different for different people. Because some people do have to remain on antipsychotics for a very long time. The best thing to do is to listen to your doctor, provided you have one that you trust. Oh and also, I am pretty sure that psychosis as a mind state is far worse than the mind state I am in now when I am taking antipsychotics. So I prefer taking antipsychotics. I realize others may have different opinions."
175991805,"I can't believe I'm still addicted to nicotine. It's been 4 months without smoking cigarettes but I still use the nicotine spray. I'm brainwashed by the tobacco companies.. Or I just naturally need some reason to be avoidant. I had avoidant personality disorder when I was a teenager. I'd buy food and candy so I could stand there and eat so it looks like I'm doing something so I could avoid everyone and not make friends. I'd always go to the store at lunch and buy food to heat up. I was a bit underweight before stimulants probably from all the stress. It worked but it's like an addiction. It killed me in the end. I was lonely and afraid of rejection but convinced myself that I wasn't and didn't need friends. ""Avoidant personality disorder is one of a group of conditions called anxious personality disorders, which are marked by feelings of nervousness and fear. People with avoidant personality disorder have poor self-esteem. They also have an intense fear of rejection and being negatively judged by 
others."" I guess I did have poor self esteem @ Atypical Disaster but I pretended that I was too cool to have it lol The psychedelics provided a cure to that anxiety for me and allowed me to be more open and want to talk to people again."
175991806,My two adult kids stopped talking to me when I married a jerk. But I kicked the jerk out and they still wont talk to me. I have lost my grandchildren too. I am so broken.What keeps me going is my job. When I'm home I cry a lot
175991807,I haven't been keeping up with videogame news recently because my internet has been crappy the last several weeks. I'll probably go to the library to use my laptop with their wifi later this week and see what's going on in the gaming world. It will be a few months till I'm able to get the new Pokemon game but I'm looking forward to it. I'm glad you can still use the pokeball plus with it from Lets Go _USER_ID_/_PERSON_. I love that thing
175991808,It’s hard coping with these med changes. I’m letting people down left and right yet again.
175991809,"Geodon is making me sleepy, I take 40mg in the morning and 80mg at night. Even the morning dose kills me though I almost fell asleep in group."
175991810,I want to dye my hair this color once things are normal again.
175991811,"Maybe I’ll try for longer, or both us. Maybe an extra 15 min to start out with."
175991812,"I love finding a new show to watch on Netflix (well, not necessarily ""new"", but ones I haven't watched) that have like tons of seasons already. Right now I started The Vampire Diaries, it has 8 seasons and there's like 22-ish episodes per season Now I have something to entertain me for quite awhile"
175991813,I'm very indulgent with desserts. I have a major sweet tooth
175991814,Oh sorry been working a good portion of the day....training in.
175991815,Blueberry muffin and a mocha.....
175991816,"I'm sorry you have these social issues, _USER_ID_. I think some people, or maybe lots of people, probably do like you for who you are as a person. Don't be too hard on yourself."
175991817,"I take 12.5 mgs twice daily Started it as I was taking care of my mom in her end of life stage from afar but involved 24/7 in all the decision making about her care, medications and on the phone with her whenever she needed me (always) and I was so anxious, stressed and guilty about not being able to be there in person. After she passed there were the stresses of settling her affairs. When that was over I had a slight reprieve but stayed on it noticing a calm that I never felt I had. BOOM! My youngest son suddenly passed away. If I wasn't on this I do believe I would be hanging by my toenails from the ceiling. I do have to supplement with a xanax here and there-but for the most part my anxiety is manageable."
174390962,"I'm doing ok. I work six days a week and felt that I needed to blow off some steam today which is my day off. I ate out by myself and am happy. I had a big meal then had a chocolate sundae. I was so happy!! I came home and cleaned my apartment then started doing my wash again. I have to shop for food tomorrow again. I am working over 20 hours a week. It is going well- no complaints but have requests to do more work for the students. I am working mornings and nights. I feel tired most of the time so nap when I can. I take my medication now when I feel manic. It is working. I feel manic at night so am taking my medication at night sometimes. I feel ok! I have an Italian lover now who is a real character. He is handsome and really sexy. I like his looks and him sexually. But, we are in a NSA relationship so am not going to get involved with him emotionally. He is nuttier than I am. So, he is supernutty!! I will be with him until we both decide we don't want to be with each other. I will be ok. My work 
schedule is tough so I can't have a relationship with anybody now. I am doing ok, I guess. Life is ok for now. I am satisfied with my life now."
175991818,The hum of my motivation while traveling on this journey to the place where I belong.
175991819,Prolly just me.
175991820,"Hey hun, iam so sorry. I to suffer from anxiety, panic disorder and depression. I was diagnosed at 17 but been suffering since I was 16. I been on and off Prozac and Zoloft. The medication worked for me. However, Ill be good for awhile without it until a big change occurs in my life, then back to meds again. Its hard for me to deal with change. Also my mother suffers from the same thing. Mental illness unfortunately has a lot to do with genetics. Maybe your parents have been diagnosed with it? It's important to find the root of the problem. What helps me is being outside, keeping a diary, if you have pets, cuddling with them, exercise and painting. _PERSON_ offers some really great anxiety management classes too. Im 32 and still deal with it from time to time but for the most part I have kept it under control as best I can to where I can live comfortably again. For me what is tough is the anxiety part. I need to be alone during those rough times and noone seems to get that. From experience you can 
get better. It takes a whole lot of hard work and dedication but it is definitely possible!!! Don't give up!! Most importantly remember you are not alone!!!"
175991821,I try to post some adorable kitties aside from my anti trump stuff here or there.
175991822,Foundation
175991823,Then you can still drive it....
175991824,"Hi everyone I have been suffering with anxiety for over 7 years now its horrible!!! Every weird sensation (I am hypersensitive to them now) send my mind into deep and dark areas. I am so scared of cancer....it is my biggest fear. Anyway long story short, I woke up yesterday morning with horrible breast pain, my left breast is sore, tender and painful. I am so so worried of inflammatory breast cancer. I had an MRI 9 months ago and a mammo 7 months ago both were negative but I know this cancer is a fast growing cancer so those reports probably mean nothing at this point. My period is due in 9 days and I usually do get sore breasts but not like this and its only one breast. Pls tell me has anyone felt his before, I am so scared and on a verge of a panic attack."
175991825,I'm glad you're doing well SK
175991826,I feel like I don't need antipsychotics anymore
175991827,How can you tell what is real and what is in your head?
175991828,"Hi _NAME_, I'm 64 so I'm much older than you are, but I have bipolar 1 and paraneoplastic syndrome, which basically is cancer in the brain, so I can identify with the kind of issues you must be facing. To top it off my mother took my daughter away from me when she was 7, (she never did it through court or anything-far too sneaky for that-)but anyway it hurts me every day. My daughter is in law school now but we still have no relationship, even though I paid for years of private Catholic school, College, and of course my mother sat back and did nothing. People with these kinds of central nervous system disorders do not live normal life spans. You might find it interesting if you look it up. I do, but anyway, my family does not. Whatever. Well, I've always been a huge Grateful Dead fan, and now Dead and Company fan, and I plan on seeing them as often as I can and as long as I can until I'm so old they won't let me in the door! LOL! And buy yourself a few Dead shirts! You will find them on Liquid Blue
.com!"
175991830,"I know how you feel. I've been dealing with panic attacks for about 10 years ago, rooted in a medical situation. ( way too long to get into here!) Someimes, even though I might have developed all of these ""tools"" or strategies, I just freeze. And can't even think of a single one. It's almost like my fear paralyzes me. I go from 0 to 100 in a milisecond sometimes!"
175991831,So I was studying for my science ethics exam and there was an article about the human body and ethics of genetics and it got me thinking about consciousness and the human body and I just read this article on psychology today about someone theorizing that human consciousness is just filtered by the brain and body and exists outside of the body so we don’t really become truly conscious until after the body dies. So like basically there is life after death? Interesting.
175991832,Like I said on SnapChat same here with me to you. It wasn't ****** advice :P everyone needs sleep. I'm just a ****** listener.
175991833,Taking one tonight
175991834,Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls by _NAME_
175991835,"Your art is great, I love it. I haven't done any art by myself for a long long time, and I did mostly charcoal. I did a couple watercolor painting tutorials with friends and my sister before (follow along with a guide and replicate)."
175991836,You’re missing out I think unless u are specifically craving the banana pie. Some of the best pastries and pies are Hispanic ingredients and Their pies are also a lot healthier than American.
174390982,"That's interesting. My fiance when we were dating said I was courageous. But not that word. I think he said brave. Idk, this was 2 years ago. I was so very worried what he would think of me mental illness, because he is very normal. He said only problem mentally hes had is ADHD. But here we are, engaged... It's like I was telling desoxyn...I seem to be so lucky in life. And it kinda scares me, because good things just keep happening every year, better and better things, and I'm wondering if god is maybe setting me up for something worse down the line. Idk."
174390938,"Idk if hyperphantasia is common but I seem to have a form of extreme hyperphantasia. Some people have aphantasia and can't imagine anything at all. I feel like I have a lot of talent that I was way too depressed to ever take advantage of. ""Hyperphantasia Checklist Consider this something of a checklist or guide of sensory completeness and simulation in imagination. I think it might be a good idea to have people ask questions about exactly how detailed and accurate their imaginings are. Visual - Picture an apple on a plate. What color is the apple? What variety is the apple? (Red Delicious, _NAME_, Macintosh...) Which direction is the light coming from? Is there a specular reflection - ie, a shiny spot, as if light is being accurately reflected by the skin of the apple? Are there imperfections in the surface? Roughness, subtle variations in the color of the apple? Is there reflected illumination from the plate onto the apple? Can you easily zoom in on the apple, rotate it, etc? How faithful to an a
ctual 3-D physical object is this in your mind's eye? Audio - Imagine a song, one with vocals and instruments. Pick one you're familiar with. Does it have all the instruments? Are the vocals changing pitch, tone, etc? Are the vocals actual words, or just sort of gibberish fitting the role? (Try singing along to whatever is going through your head out loud if you're not sure) How sharp are the drums? Can you change the tempo? Can you make the singer sound like they huffed helium? Can you swap out instruments? Swap out lyrics wholesale? Can you change the key or mode of the song? Touch/Proprioception - Imagine your hand and an object, any object, in front of you. Can you mentally reach out and touch it? Does the object feel like it should? Hard/soft, hot/cold, smooth/rough, etc... Could you feel your own imagined hand and arm? Were you aware of the physical movements in the same way that you know where your physical arm/hand/fingers are without looking? How heavy is the object you imagined? The right weight? Ca
n you change that weight? Close your eyes (mentally or physically, whatever works) and concentrate on that imagined hand. Start with the thumb. Tap it to your palm. Do the same with your index finger, then your middle, ring, little finger. Any problems? Can you keep going? In other words, can you continue to 'tap fingers' with fingers you don't have - imagine that you had extra fingers - despite not having a real-life analogue to compare to? Can you go a step further, and imagine the feel of wholly alien things (bird wings, say) that will require entirely fictitious input? Smell - Imagine a flower, preferably one with a strong smell Can you smell it at all? Does it smell strong enough, or just a faint whiff? Is the smell accurate - a rose smelling like a rose? Can you make it smell like something else - fresh cookies, say? Multiple smells at once? Rose, cookies, old stinky socks? Taste - Seems to be pretty rare, but... imagine a few foods. Can you taste them? If you imagine something salty - like a pickle or 
potato chips - and add imaginary salt to it, does it taste saltier? Can you distinctly tell apart the taste of distinct items, like, say, two flavors of chips, or two kinds of candy bar, or two different wines? Kind of the acid test: if you imagine a few foods and what they would taste like together, can you go in your kitchen, get those foods, eat them together, and have them taste the same? That is, are your imagined tastes demonstrably the same as the real thing to a degree that it would be useful cooking?"" I also seem to have a mild form of synesthesia. ""Synesthesia is a condition in which one sense (for example, hearing) is simultaneously perceived as if by one or more additional senses such as sight. Another form of synesthesia joins objects such as letters, shapes, numbers or people's names with a sensory perception such as smell, color or flavor."" Like if I look at my water bottle right now, I see the number ""5"", which is female (I can tell whether a number feels male or female to me) and it remi
nds me of science. I look at my wallet and it reminds me of the number ""4"" (Male) or ""8"" (Female) and it reminds me of firewood or a forest with the mix of a CIA agent (Which makes me think of number 1 - neutral or 7 - male) for example even though it's black with someone surfing on it. I could go on and on about the objects I see in my room or even imagine some in my peripheral vision and describe synesthesia related to that as well. Music can be colourful but in general reminds me of colourful machines or metal waves but can be like colourful flowers or a range of objects and images. Interesting stuff that I never realized before. I'm wondering if anyone else with schizophrenia/psychosis has this or is it evidence that I'm more autistic? I can read emotions in faces extremely well so idk. I've never had real visual hallucinations (Only extreme hypnopompic and hypnagogic ones before sleeping or after waking up where I would have conversations with people that weren't there) but I've had visuals on weed a
nd psilocybin that manifested as strong imaginations that I could literally see very clearly as if they were real. I've had many auditory hallucinations though. Some inside my head like hearing a bell in my head but in the form of words, from behind doors calling my name or people talking and whispering near my head or people having conversations beside me when no one is there."
175991837,"Question for you regulars: Do you plan to stay on this site forever? Or you know, a verrrrry long time? I have been in here since 2011 or so. For 10 years now."
174390973,"Soon, falcon..."
175991838,Yesterday I went to a water park and while I was in one of the pools I got water up my nose. Most of the water drained down the back of my throat and I’m pretty sure I blew the rest of it out right away because I didn’t really have the feeling of water up my nose. The pool was rather cold and was chlorinated but I still can’t get over the the idea that I got a brain eating amoeba. I know it’s completely irrational but all over the media are these horror stories of how people got them and I’m scared.
175991839,Nope. The demons kept me awake all night...
175991840,he’s my least favorite idk why.
175991841,Oooh cool
175991842,I havent gone to the hospital. My therapist has been calling to check in with me . I'm off work today n tomorrow .
175991843,I had trouble sleeping too last night _AT_MENTION_. I ended up having to take some xanax so I could finally go to sleep. I did take a nap yesterday afternoon but that doesn't usually affect me. Who knows. _PERSON_
175991844,My knowledge of computers and such is pretty low. I don't have a kik messenger.
175991845,You can contact your local Mental Health Association in your county. Many of them have referral and peer support and information. .
175991846,Oh no... Can you take a couple Benadryl or something?
175991847,Stayed awake for 24 hours and then slept for 24 hours. Only someone that needs 50% (12 hours) wakefulness and 50% (12 hours) sleep can do that...
175991848,"I did shower today, and I washed my hair. Yay me!"
175991849,"Just got back from therapy. Another really, really good productive session! There’s only been a handful of those."
175991850,Just had a salad w/ chipotle ranch dressing and now am drinking another cup of decaf coffee
175991851,_PERSON_ I think I am. Lots of emotional stuff going on for me right now. And I’m not particularly happy about going to therapy today.
174391010,"I was feeling blue yesterday but feel a whole lot better after walking outside and eating out. I also took an extra dose of medication. I feel fine again!! I have stress from work but this is as usual. Some of my classes cancelled because of one reason or another. I am still doing about 20 hours a week of work. I was feeling stressed but realize I must overcome these feelings of stress and depression to survive. I will walk outside again tomorrow if the weather permits. I tried to feel good about myself so I am wearing decent clothes and put my make up on. I feel good!! I think the little things to cheer myself up really help. However, I talk to nobody except my students online. I do talk occasionally to my mother, but she talks about her problems mostly. So, it does not help me. I will be ok nevertheless. I don't need to coop myself up like a chicken so I will go out and walk around more. Life is looking better!"
175991852,"Me too, I also like listening to the trains and traffic, helps me relax"
175991853,Having a pretty crappy day work wise. Just people on my case and apparently I made mistakes on things no one told me about? It’s ******** but whatever. It’s Friday so weekend in a bit. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
174391007,Why are you unreachable?
175991854,Yeah I just meant shouldn’t they have caught it if there’s an issue?
175991855,That's great!
175991856,Right. That makes sense.
175991857,I’ve been limiting myself to one cup of coffee a day and then the rest of the day tea mostly herbal tea. I don’t need extra energy unless I’m studying I’m full of energy I don’t need it I am pure energy I will overthrow god.
175991858,That’s a useful skill to have.....
175991859,"I think it might’ve been acid reflux. This has happened a few times. I also ate a crap load today. I knew good and well not to, and I still did it."
175991860,"Sometimes mindfulness can help. Like what is one thing you can see, feel, hear, smell, or taste. Sometimes it helps to just feel the sensation of your feet on the floor or the sensation of sitting on a chair. Also challenging the delusions - this is probably the hardest - but writing down what the delusion is and then challenging it by saying ""this is not true because x"" is a good idea too."
175991861,I love stoic philosophy!
175991862,"I remember when I was in the psych ward and all those people that I've made friends with.. We shared odd thoughts like cameras in the metal of the gates, audio recorders in the trees, that we will see each other again in other lives... Very confusing to me and I can't let those thoughts go. But I don't put too much meaning into them because hell, it was a psych ward. No one wants to be in a psych ward as much as I felt safe to unravel my thoughts in there.. Cuz the real world is where you thrive.. If I was back in the psych ward, I would own my mind and feel like I don't need to be there.. It's time to be in the REAL WORLD. I made it. I was saved. I'm the lucky one that didn't have to go back even though it took a few times of rehabilitation. I write here still which is ok. Talking about recovery and doinnggg thingss.. etc.. It's cuz the psychosis was environmental idk.. So I'm still in the environment.. interested in psychedelics, the unknown, afterlife, death.. my mom having cancer.. it's all thi
ngs I think about and constant energy flowing through my brain.. wondering if my consciousness even originates in my brain. What ever I believe is likely to come true.. and there's always exceptions to everything.. It's quite crazy if you think about it so the best thing to say is that everyone is like me."
175991863,Death by Pumpkin Spice by _NAME_
175991864,I was feeling hyped to do that the past few nights but usually end up falling asleep at some point.
174391024,"Very good. Clozaril it's use is in changing the chemical balance...esp woth affective disorders. It's main purpose is to treat schizophrenia that has had no success with other treatments. It is ahowing good efficacy in thr bi polar cohort. It's interesting how meds help...i mean like anti epeleptics as a mood stabiliser. Largactil for severe hiccups!! Etc. It's about what works, that is what matters. HT"
175991865,Took everything but they're apparently not working too well.
175991866,I want to have a new hobby. Not sure whether I should try painting or crocheting/knitting. Opinion? ?
175991867,You can even track how much money you save by not buying alcohol.
175991868,"I just don’t think you need that, if it’s only you working you’re more of a contractor then s business......"
175991869,Most of them. I still have my Thorazine to take later but I'm debating on that. I get extremely hungry an hour after taking it and I have no food at all in the house till I can go shopping in the morning and I'm already super hungry to begin with so I'm not sure _USER_ID_: I ended up taking it despite this.
175991870,Team banana split here
175263870,"Feeling friendless and alone is difficult, and depressing. It is important to know that depression will spiral and feed upon itself. Depression is, like Satan, the father of the lie. The lie that you are not worthy of any love, even self love. Don't listen to the lies. There is so much beauty to enjoy that depression blinds us to. Let me tell you how I beat depression - and my story makes some people angry because they think I am dissing their pain. I am not. I am just saying what helps me. I had excruciating pain from my psoriasis and could/would not take painkillers. I read how smiling produces serotonin and that reduces pain levels. Despairing and desperate, I put on a fake smile. The more I smiled, the easier my pain was to handle. So I started plastering such a big fake annoyingly Pollyannaish grin on my face a few people were creeped out! I couldn't even randomly catch a stranger's eye because they thought my maniacal smile was aimed at them. I got fired from a job because I smiled when a hig
her up was angry at me and thought I was being disrespectful! But not only could I handle my diminished levels of pain, all my depression lifted and I was in a great mood. I discovered the secret of happiness by enduring excruciating pain: Put a smile on it. So PLEASE when you feel down SMILE SMILE SMILE. It really helps me and I get in such a better mood when I deliberately put a big (at first) fake smile on my face. Scientific studies show that the physical act of smiling releases serotonin. So just keep putting a smile on your face. Weirdly, it was my pain that made me keep putting that smile on, because it would remind me to smile. The more I hurt the better I would soon feel. Best to you and do not despair. Smile."
175991871,_AT_MENTION_ that's terrible!!! I hope that you can set the record straight. I know how much the kids mean to you.
175991872,"baseball starts today, a wonderful distraction"
175991873,How new is the statin med.? You can definitely get muscles aches from them and sometimes it’s serious....
175991874,"There’s something called consensus reality which basically means you’ve gotta ask someone else if it’s true. However, once you take medicine you can sorta tell what’s real or not just by probability or the way they quickly cut out or whatever. Like I had these Asian ladies in kimonos walking around and I turned my head for a split second and they were gone. This was while I was In the psych ward so it was unlikely and the quick vanishing act made it virtually impossible. But at the time it was 100% real. Part of this is that most hallucinations are combined with delusions."
175991875,"Like me, millions of you have tears, anxiety and fear this afternoon. So much was disturbed today. However! When the accountant in me, looks at the numbers, my faith in humankind is still steadfast. Life is not easy, we have seen this time and again.. If 2020 hasn't taught us anything good I can take away the outpouring of kindness and generosity around the world We need each other. Talk to each other, email people who you can talk in detail with. Cick on the members name, for profile info. They may have listed email address. Use skills Unplugg Play with pet; puzzles Blast music; Make Music Dance, with or with partner Make rice _PERSON_ treats Paint; embroidery; sew; Do anything within reason, safety that makes you feel good. We are all important and worthy of love, peace acceptance and comfort. Stay calm, eat ice cream Stay well?"
174391041,"Seroquel is what got me. But also haldol too in the beginning. They made me sleep alot. But seroquel was my first AP I ever taken, when i was 17. And haldol was the AP i started after being psychotic for like 3 years and not taking anything."
175991876,"Hey everyone. My stomach has been churning pretty bad for the past couple days. Maybe its the 2 beers i had or the McDonalds, i don't know. I didn't get a headache from the beers though, so that's good news. I had a few couple messages from the dating sites but after i replied no responses. Weird, I wonder what I'm doing wrong. I get the feeling that the older people get the more use to being single they are, so they teeter on whether being in a relationship or not, maybe a dating site is a way for them to flirt with the idea to get their nightly fix. Roommate still pisses me off. I finally got my updated license plate tags. It took over a month but I got them. The guy by the mailboxes saw how excited I was, and took notice to my verbal excitement lol Day 7291 of being anhedonic. It never ends."
175991877,"Question, please. I've never received psychological help from any Drs, my entire life. Not of my choice. My dad's dad was diagnosed w paranoid schizophrenia, to give some hereditary background. As a young girl I noticed a separate good & evil voice in my head, giving me advice. I thought it was the old story of angel & devil, showing the way. Good vs evil thing. Does this describe any traits of schizophrenia, to you? I thought the good, female voice was my guardian angel. She always gives good advice. The evil, male voice tells me to do bad things & physically hurt myself. This has never stopped, my entire life. Does this sound like anything familiar, to anyone? I'm so torn. I just want to be happy, is all. The bad voice tells me to hate myself & life. I'm tired of the toxicity."
175991878,"Backtome said... So things haven’t gotten any better yet with the skin tingling and burning on my arms and hands in the morning. I’m starting to lose hope that this side effect will go away. I’m also still pretty anxious in the mornings and sometimes don’t feel ok until after noon. I’m trying to give 10mg eight weeks to work bit the longer that I don’t feel well, the harder that it is. When do you take your medication? If you are taking it in the evening, it could be a side effect. If you're taking it in the morning, you should probably be experiencing the same side effects during the day."
175991879,"Everybody dies, yes. You don't need to live a drawn-out death though. There's a big difference. It's not about quality of death. It's about quality of life. Also cigarette smoke gives me a headache and makes me sneeze. _PERSON_ hate cigarettes and people smoking anywhere near me. It's pretty rare these days to see people smoking in public where I live though. And That Is Good."
175991880,My Dad brought me some fruit to work because the fruit we had in the fridge was all brown.
175991881,Long weekend this weekend. Got paid on Friday paid off most of my one credit card yay! I had to add some stuff to it but not much. So I’m happy about that. Also bought some booze this weekend. I haven’t bought any in like a month or so. Limiting myself. All good. Mostly this weekend I’ve been relaxing and studying. Making notes for psych chapters. Almost done a chapter I have 30 pages left grrr.
175991882,It's still hot here. It was around 100 two days ago. Yesterday it rained so it was maybe 96 but with humidity it felt hotter. Today is supposed to be 96 or 98 degrees F. It doesn't really cool off here until the end of October.
175991883,"Every time my anxiety and awareness goes down and I feel like nothing is going to happen, - Right before that happens, BOOM.. (Something happens to annoy me or stimulate my frustration and problem solving), then BOOM (It happens again), BOOM.. It's constant drama in my reality... lol.. I suppose that's life.. Life is suffering as _PERSON_ says lol"
175991884,Add Wellbutrin equals more dopamine in the cleft. Works great.
175991885,What have you taken?
175991886,I just have the regular version and it’s working.
175991887,"Hi all! Sorry for the late reply, was hospitalised for some scans related to my stomach, all green! I'm 33, Male so i doubt it's hormone related. It's like health anxiety. And random symptoms. Like today I didn't get any flushes, but I am having some mucus in my throat(phlegm). It's very strange. I'm not too sure about Lyme, I live in Singapore so we rarely experience ticks due to the concrete fortress this little country is. So apparently my blood is great, my physicals are fine. I'm guessing some humans like myself are just hyper sensitive and gotta suck it up. Haha."
175991888,I’ve been on hold for 1.5 hours....then the phone rang like four times and now I’m even farther behind in the queue.....
175991889,My parents are leaving for two days tomorrow. I'm trying to not think about it. I usually don't do as well when they aren't around. Might go to Disneyland on Friday though. Either that or the hospital if I'm not doing well enough.
175991890,A Song of Ice and Fire books 1-5 by _NAME_ on my Kindle
175991891,"My mother isn't well. She didn't even tell the family because it's drinking related. My sister called and told me the situation that my mom's liver is shot and it's very bad, and my mom's health is now a read, including her cognition because there's too much ammonia in her brain. I don't know if that's drinking related though. I'm still processing this. I gave my sister some advice on how to frame her interaction with her but that's about all I could do. We're going to get my mom a therapist to help her put the lcohol down and to face reality. She never really rank until my step father left her. I don't know what to think right now."
174391078,"I am dual diagnosis and have multiple illnesses. I have alcoholism (sober), technology overuse problems, PTSD, schizoaffective bipolar type, anxiety, personality disorder nos (meaning they can't pin it down to one) plus I have physical illnesses. I'm disabled, so I won't go into work problems. The PTSD agitates my schizoaffective disorder, so I go to therapy and use dbt mindfulness techniques to help relax. I've been in PTSD therapy for it for a year now. I've been check in therapy for 11 years and I've been making progress. Counselors and care coordinators worked so hard for me to be happy when I was in a serious depression, but I worked with them and with the right meds, right lifestyle, and right therapy I got out. I feel physically tired sometimes, but rarely actual depression."
175991892,I've got PHP then PT today...
175991893,I might try to make an appointment with my pdoc and ask for a haldol increase.
174391085,"It isn't very pretty, my lattice is messy and I only had this nana bread pan. The ex has all my kitchen stuff for the girls. Anyway, it tastes good. Attached Images 20200705_183858_HDR.jpg (246.3 KB, 6 views)"
175991894,_NAME_ - Talk to me YouTube
175991895,Just abdominal pain...seems to have gone away for now though....I have pcos though so sometimes this kinda thing happens......
175991896,Did u download the update tonight bb? I havent yet.
175991897,"All I really have to do is write a thesis. BUT. It seems like an infinite task. I don't really want to write the thesis. I pushed myself through the coursework because I could. Now I can't really even afford to push myself to write the thesis just because of the stress it's causing. I know people say to push oneself. But, this seems like something I need to just put to bed."
175991898,Welcome to Our World--_NAME_ Rice
175991899,"Pharmacy didn't have my vraylar, so they had to order it and they said it would be here tomorrow about 1pm, I'm gonna drop by after partial hospital, at about 340pm. Last time a pharmacy (a different one, to be fair) told me they were ordering a med they ended up not doing so, so I'm kinda worried that this pharmacy will screw up and not order the vraylar 6mg for me. God, I'm just so worried that I feel sick. I need these meds."
175991900,Hey I’m kinda ok. Been trying to process everything that’s happening to me. Got into an argument with fiancé last night. I got fed up. So I went to the game room. I ended typing out a 6 page letter to him about how hurt I’ve been with him and the world. I put it in an envelope and gave it to him this morning. He didn’t read it because he has adhd. So I read Part of it to him and we discussed what I read for about 45 min. So far I’ve had 4 coworkers come to my aid about losing my job. They came through a lot. One person gave me instructions about how to get my full certification. 2 others just listened. Another is helping too. No one likes that I didn’t stand up for myself more. I agree but idk I was nervous. Never been in that position before.
175991901,I can’t afford them. Not my therapist. Can’t afford my doctor right now either but they are letting me see him without paying atm. I had to schedule my therapist out another two weeks when I think I can pay her. Haven’t seen her in 2-3 weeks already.
175991902,Fuzzybear there has to be someone that is willing to work with you even for a short time. To build skills.
175991903,So next Wednesday the 8th my grandma will be home from the nursing home. I got some thing done that I be wanting to do to for a while. So happy right now.
175991904,Business is booming!
175991905,I'm sad. I've been sort of crying. It gives me a headache.
175991906,"Me, too."
175991907,I hope you feel better soon! HUGS Kit
175991908,Reflux?............
175991909,Trying to get back on track with my fish oil pills.
174391091,"I was on a stupid dose - 400mg every THREE weeks + TEN milligrams a day. New psychiatrist took me a few days to convince me to get switch to Invega. If the class action lawsuit is still open, I'll have to sue them for all of the money I spent on - "".. I need next dopamine.."" *Dopamine hit*.. *Opens tab of chemicals* *Dopamine hit* - ""What does this one do?"" *Dopamine hit* - ""I think I might order"" *Dopamine hit*, ""Imma deposit money"" - *Dopamine hit*, ""I have to wait now.. Woo!"" *Dopamine hit*, *Sleeps*, ""It has arrived in the mail"" *Dopamine hit*, *Walks to the post office* - *Dopamine hit*, *Waits in line* - *Dopamine hit*, *Hands on the mail* - *Dopamine hit*, ""I can't wait to open this"" - *Dopamine hit*.... You get the point.. It goes on and on.. It's 90% better now. I wouldn't worry too much about it unless your impulsivity started right after taking Abilify. Normally people can be impulsive varying from time to time in their lives. _USER_ID_: It is but a sad tale once upon a tim
e in the isolated prairies where racing shadows leave the hunter frozen still in madness, blizzards of snow, darkness, and haunted to just needing to be sagged in the ward. I felt the bad energy unclench my hands and then most of my impulsivity solidified and fell backwards into the abyss, leaving me feeling empty from the time I have wasted in regret. The bad trip water swirling in that house in the same very room that needs to be sagged as well. Don't listen to I - But instead, run far away from that place in time and space."
175991910,Do u think that's why u been tired lately?
175991911,"I'm not sure if I thought of it like this before. The more I think about it, the more I realize how huge of role the reacting instead of responding + sometimes taking things too personally is likely to be playing a role in how draining I find being social and being drained in general. As I've seen some things that would piss me off in conversations (not this site) today, I realized that having the fact of how draining it is in mind seems to have a lot of potential to make me mindful of / slow down my reactions. It's quite interesting actually."
175991912,Thanks for the suggestion. I could try that.
175991913,Can’t sleep
175991914,"Found this app called Habitica, it’s a gamefied habit tracker so you level up an avatar and buy clothes etc by completing good habits or not doing bad habits. It’s kinda cute in a retro pixelated way. Apparently you can even fight battles if you have friends on the app. Either way I’m looking for a fun habit tracker to help get stuff done."
175991915,Things are bad for me here in the home lately. I can't really talk about it. Not to anyone I talk to either. I did tell my friend but I'm worried because I'm sounding like I did while I was psychotic. I want to vape damn it. I need every crutch I ever had to deal with this place.
175991916,Now I am drinking plain black Iced Tea
175991917,the official recommendations that people stay home from work and avoid congregating in public or private spaces are in fact evidence of the progress of the schizoids' long march through the institutions but I really shouldn't post any more about that how do I delete this message
175991918,Are you tired from the propranolol? Doesn’t it block the effects of adrenaline or something like that?
175991919,"I got The Prodigy from the library today, it's a horror movie, I'll probably watch it tomorrow"
175991920,"Yeah I recommend a pdoc in a university medical school, mine have done right by me but they’re often very busy so sometimes have run late or only given fifteen minutes but they can do a lot in fifteen. When got evaluated we were all shocked it was adhd because I never had it as a child. I honestly think it’s the Abilify that caused it in me but no one is sure on that front."
175991921,Yes I did.
175991922,I was supposed to do something with a friend sometime today but I don't feel up to it anymore.
175991923,"Yes, I took one this morning before work and I washed my hair too."
175991924,"While I don't go out and about over night (or at all, really), I would probably prefer to go out and do things overnight. Not as many people, most are asleep. However, like _PERSON_ said, you do occasionally run into some very strange people..."
175991925,"Hey _PERSON_, we have a newer reading thread over here What are you reading?"
175991926,Lmao I said 12pm. I’m so sorry!!!
175991927,Did everyone get over to the new site? My support forums?
175991928,"Get a leopard one, they're cute."
175991929,keep going -took 6 weeks for me .
175991930,I feel tired all the time too now. I woke up from a nap a little while ago. I have like permanent dark circles under my eyes
175991931,I feel bored.
175991932,Writing was my favorite thing years ago before I got sick. I should get back to it too.
175991933,"I’m here.. so I started seeing visual trails in august of 2020. When I’m near a bright light, (white) and I wave my arm up and down.. I see a shadow following the outline of my arm..the shadow is like gray/transparent or sometimes even black. I’m so relieved that this isn’t just happening to me. I was really scared at first."
175991934,Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk
175991935,I've been telling my therapist about my moods lately and she said to not medicate unless it persists after I get my sleep pattern sorted properly. _PERSON_ just try to ignore this irregular sleep induced mixed state and think happy thoughts! Yay happy thoughts! _PERSON_
175991936,"Man, I just signed up to an online dating site and when it comes to matches, it just wont stop loading profiles, I only have like .5 seconds to click a match. Little overwhelmed! That's why I uploaded a new picture of me on facebook, it was originally for the dating website."
175991937,"Could I ask if any genuine 'voice' hearers have paid close attention to their symptoms and in light of recent official news stories, what do you think with regards to _PERSON_ Cyber Torture UN Investigation?"
175991938,"I hated how my ex step dad would say ""Eat the fat or I'll lock you in the basement and feed you pieces of fat - You'll eat then"" and am was like.. No I'm suicidal I'd rather just die. Then I said ""My dad pays for the food"" which started a war that got him kicked out. But I think to myself.. People under and over eat.. What does it matter about wasting it? Logical people like us think.. ""We'll there's a lot to calculate about that and it's different perspectives"". There's people that waste food and over eat or waste food and under eat.. People can waste food and eat the most efficient amount of calories (Which is near impossible) - So now we're looking at micro amounts of food and putting them together to equal a total amount of calories in mass.. It's a philosophical and cultural perspective. Every human has enough right to eat as an animal, a tree getting nutrients from the ground, etc.. You need to train the thinking and accept the good thoughts - Throw out the bad ones.. In the end, we're 
on a rock flying through space, circling around and we're gonna crash into a galaxy. Religion can put us in certain realms but it all goes through the circle. Sorry I'm so nihilist =/ But I'm an optimistic one ^-;"
175991939,I have an idea but mind why you wanna draw your mom drowning?
175991940,Studying Italian again I think I'm gonna try making this next month Peanut Butter Pie — An Easy No Bake Peanut Butter Pie Recipe
175991941,Not sleep per se. The eternal sleep. HT. Struggling. Thx.
175991942,"When I was in sixth form some friends and I set about penning Auschwitz: The Musical. The tale of _NAME_, our gallant hero, who’s love for a young Jewish girl is viciously betrayed setting him upon a desperate scheme to merge the Jewish and aryan races via genetic manipulation, using songs of the 70s. We were stopped as it was deemed racist, despite some reasonable arguments that it was offensive to everybody and hence not discriminatory, however less than a decade later someone actually made a musical of Auschwitz . Anyway, zombie apocalypses... I live in the heartland of the military research establishment and the one facility this country has which is capable of tackling a zombie apocalypse is 5 minutes down the road. Given the amount of hardware in the vicinity, I imagine the point at which this place is overrun I’ll likely be little more than a red streak on the pavement. I’d be more at risk of being pressed back into work while still unwell and keeling over. To my mind zombie apocalypse
s are primarily an urban problem and the people from these concrete sh*tholes, undead or no, should have the decency to stay there."
175991943,"I’m the opposite, I feel ugly when I look at the mirror at public places. I think it’s due to our perception. Perhaps you feel more positive when you’re surrounded by people that’s why you see yourself in a more positive way as well. For me I feel more positive when I’m alone. Moral of the story : Mirrors are evil and they’re possessed"
175991944,Gonna have a panic attack. Fck.
175991945,I feel the same _NAME_. This world is one big bi polar disorder! It needs an intervention...badly. HT
175991946,Med change?
175991947,Just got in an argument with my parents again re psychiatrist. Ugh. I keep changing my mind on stuff and it makes my parents extremely angry for some reason. I don't really get why. I wish they could just be chill about it.
174391189,"Isn't it dangerous to not take a dose of clozapine? I don't know personally, but I think I read something once that says that. Can you wait until you talk to your doc?"
175991948,"Do you live in Colorado? I wish they'd legalize it in MN. They finally made it prescribable for certain conditions. I would prefer real THC, not CBD. Also would prefer it from the opioids. Hope ur doing better. SMILE! This too shall pass.... _PERSON_"
175991949,We went out to the hospital today and most of the workplaces we passed had lots full of cars....like a furniture store? We couldn’t believe it....almost no one is staying home....they must all consider themselves essential.
175991950,"Yeah they are, maybe like a Bluetooth speaker or something? Like a mini one?"
175991951,Lol why?
175991952,"No. I haven't showered in a week or so. I've lost count. I think at this point I'm running a marathon to see how far I can stand my own funk before I finally cave and shower. Maybe I can even think about this as a personal statement of ""I care about the homeless,"" since I used to be one. There was the ""ice bucket challenge,"" so why not a ""no shower challenge""? Then again, I think there were no-shower challenges in the past for different reasons. Hmm.... I'm making excuses. The truth is, I'm saving money from having to do laundry, and I have chronic fatigue syndrome. I figured, once I do hop into that nice warm shower with my Nexxus shampoo and conditioner, my Neutrogena soap, my disposable pink razor, and my facial scrub, I'll feel like a brand new woman. I'm not there yet."
175991953,Welcome back bb!
175991954,I know it sounds really old but I'm going to spend time writing down my ideas and thoughts with a pen and paper because it's a different action than typing on a computer or phone. Idk..
175991955,I was gonna make another YouTube video today but my power was out. Maybe tomorrow.
175991956,"Might see if Family Dollar has any adult coloring books tomorrow while I'm there getting my other stuff. Haven't colored in awhile, used to be a favorite hobby, super relaxing"
175991957,"So it’s been 7 weeks and although I felt great at 4 weeks of taking my med, this week I feel like my anxiety is back, I mean not like before but still feeling those intrusive thoughts making me uneasy...though i am Going through a tough time right now....anybody experiencing this ??? Anxiety has been reduced but it’s still There 12"
175991958,"ksmomof3 I feel for your situation it is hard to introduce help to someone who does not believe they need it. The term ""self medicating"" is what stuck out to me. I wish you well and hope that things improve for the both of you."
175991959,"Oh ****. Oh, I didn’t mean that many but like maybe 10 hahahahaha."
174391196,"But I think it just works for depression and not negative symptoms. Because the depression is gone when I take it, I was able to work on things like a routine for negative symptoms. But it doesn't actually help negative symptoms. It makes me more extroverted talkative, increases the personality that I already have.."
175991960,"Yeah I’ve got 3, I definitely want to get more, they’re addictive lol"
175991961,"My dreams are so intense that I just dream out all of my creativity every night. They're really really intense. But it happens for so long.. And because I kind of know that I'm dreaming, I think that's why I sleep for so long.. If my pfc disconnected completely, I wouldn't need as much sleep.. Too much phenibut causes sleep paralysis so a little bit might be giving me lucid dreams.. And yet I still didn't feel very good the next day when I had half as much sleep (6 hours).. Wasn't as creative.."
175991962,I have a bunch of things going on and i wanna tell y’all but idk where to start.
175991963,"_AT_MENTION_, I heard about a someone in Guatemala drinking from a bucket of water to drink to quench his thirst. He went home to America and found out that he had hep B or something. I hope your bf gets well."
175991964,"Yeah 20 mg is a very big dose of Zyprexa (it's the maximum FDA-approved dose I think, if I remember right). I have been on 20 mg Zyprexa before as well. And yes, it made me very sedated. The key is to find a balance of a dose that works for you yet doesn't cause too much sedation. I am on 5 mg of it now, and it doesn't make me tired, and when I take it at night, it helps me get to sleep. Meaning it doesn't cause sedation in circumstances during which I want to be awake. It only makes me sleepy right before bed, which is ideal anyway."
175991965,Do you have anything to calm yourself down?
175991966,Please don’t judge me
175991967,yare...yay!
174391210,I used to think like that too. Now that I'm stabilized and my meds/dosages haven't changed for awhile I hardly think about them
175991968,"People become in love with stimulant. When stimulant leaves, you feel heart broken and miss it.."
175991969,"Nope, past due too. Maybe tonight. Been putting it off since yesterday as my hair needs washing. I don't mind when it's just me that need a shower but when it's my hair it's a drag."
175991970,I feel like I’m being sabotaged by everyone on fb
175991971,"Doing well right now. Going to go to coffee connections and talk to my community outreach worker on Monday and see about getting a part time job somewhere. Possible trigger: Flushed my coke. Proud of myself for that. I'm on the step to the right direction Possible withdrawal of benzos soon. If I can't do it, I'll use medical assistance. I'm really sick of panic attacks.. I don't take the time that I'm not panicking for granted anymore. It's like sometimes I feel like I'm going completely insane. Not in a good place but I'm trying to get my life together. Getting a job, going to school.. Doing something.. I just feel scared and I sabotage myself all the time.. I have bad coping mechanisms. I'll call my therapists office on Monday too and make an appointment with my addictions counsellor. I just have small setbacks.."
175991972,I didn't sleep well. Plus I was hungry. Plus I never feel positive emotions. It all builds.
175991973,"I slept 15 hrs since yesterday morning... I have to document that on the daily risk assessment for IOP and I don't think the T is going to like that fact. Granted, I didn't sleep night before last at all. So sleeping yesterday was more catching from the night before of no sleep. Even with sleeping so much, I was able to get my homework done. I have class after IOP today. Makes for a long day, but both are enjoyable and go by fast. I hope everyone is doing well and that you have a great day!"
175991974,"Wow, it's exciting to strike off on a new direction. I hope you'll enjoy it!"
175991975,The Bible
175991976,Doo _NAME_ da _NAME_ doo... 0254...
175991977,no not today
175991978,"I love practicing mindfulness. Accepting things as they are. Letting go of judgements, letting go of worrying. Worrying does nothing but cause me to suffer. I can’t control the world. Whatever happens in this life, happens, no need to get hung up on whether we like it or not. It is what it is, and I can look at it objectively without judgement. This has been the biggest help in dealing with my anxiety."
175991979,"I basically eat only junk food. lol Pizza, diet Dr. Pepper, BBQ chips. I had a BK Impossible burger not too long ago. It was really good. Still a bit sloppy, but that's BK's style lol. It was one dollar more than the regular whopper. I also take a protein shake to help with restless leg syndrome, and I take a multivitamin every day with my dinner."
175991980,"I need a better frying pan, the one I have is supposed to be non-stick, but it's not, every time I cook eggs in it it's a nightmare to clean up"
175991981,"I would give it another week to see if you adjust. If not, you may need to switch to a different antidepressant. I had to get off of Zoloft due to twitching. I know this can be frustrating. Hang in there."
175991982,I'm thinking of getting this. Is it worth it? It's on Amazon for like $80. Still cheaper than Chegg which had it for $87.
175991983,Notes 4 therapy lol
175991984,"Just an FYI, Assassin's _NAME_ III Remastered is buggy on the Switch. There are frame drops and lag. Also has graphics flaws: Assassin's _NAME_ III Remastered Review (Switch) | Nintendo Life It sucks because I wanted it on the Switch too. BoTW is a good game. Too bad I hit a bug in it which deleted like 4 hours of my progress. I'm playing Pokemon the day it comes out."
175991985,"Humans can be hacked incredibly easily. By the government for example. Or the illuminati. I believe in the illuminati or something similar because the government has done everything possible that we can think of in certain ways and will do even more. I had a conversation with trippers about this and one guy said ""Has the government ever baked me a cookie?"" and I said, No but it has baked someone else a cookie. Many people. You can even get baked weed cookies now. I want to go on a path of spiritual enlightenment. Read books, do things.. but that's what I complain most about. Doing things.. There's buddhist monks in Tibet etc.. When you talk to them, they will look up and start thinking about what they're going to say. An American would be like ""Did I say something wrong.."" so both people then look around until the buddhist monk says the most enlightening comments after thinking for a while because they were so tuned into what the person was saying. People that go through that sort of enlightenm
ent show how different their brains are on MRI scans.."
174391237,"Good luck with the Seroquel. I smoke cannabis and it helps with my depression. Also good for sleep at night. If you try it, I wish you the best. It sometimes takes a few tries before it effects you. I been taking abilify and it has worked good for a few years. I hope you find what works for you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175991986,"I likely see the doctor today, a bit nervous"
175991987,"I wrote an essay on becoming a science librarian, I’m probably going to apply to the library program at a local school as a backup plan.....I would start spring semester at the earliest."
175991988,no not today
175991989,"It used to help me sleep really well too, it is very sedating, it lasted for a long time, I can't tell anymore whether it is still or not though because I also take 3mg of vraylar and 600 mg seroquel which make me pretty tired too"
175991990,Hi Sorry to hear you are going through this I have been bullied in the past so can relate to how you are feeling. I know it's easy to say but try and not let them get to you and if you are feeling depressed then go and speak with your doctor as lots can be done to help such as medications and therapy. We also have some good links in our resources section so take a look. You are a better person than these bullies so keep telling yourself that and know that we are here to help support you. _PERSON_.
175991991,_PERSON_: The Ultimate Spider-Man
175991992,Lol I saw it on another friends page lol but yeah it's funny
175991993,Sad and bored. Guess I’m alone for the night.
175991994,"You’ve got so much cool stuff to blog on, your job, your camping etc....."
175991995,"Well that's just it. That's the initial feeling, before i get filled with anxiety. It's like the feeling of doom coming across your body. Almost like If I fell from a tall height. You feel that initial thud before all the other pain starts to flood in next."
175991996,Ya leg is still on? Ya not in hosp? And ya not dead? Quick chat with dr will sort it. I live with a stack of pain i get it. Keep ?. HT
175991997,Who staying up tonight?
175991998,I think the meds are poison but I won't flush them down the toilet because I learned that that's bad for the environment and water system. I don't want to poison fish or the water supply.
175991999,"Work was pretty stressful for a while this morning. _PERSON_ like. The guy in the next office was having a ""discussion"" with the General Manager but the General Manager wasn't being very quiet or very kind. So even though the door was closed, I could still hear most of what the General Manager was saying. Whenever people seem to be arguing it upsets me. The other guy was keeping his cool and was very quiet and I know that was probably hard for him not to lose his cool. Now there is a meeting in the office on the other side of me, with some different people but also this same employee. I turned on my heater so I don't hear as much. I don't want to be really anxious at work today."
175992000,"Good morning, Any sources such as websites, etc that you utilize for educating yourself on bipolar. Trying to understand better this illness."
175992001,Happy Easter!!!
175992002,The world sometimes looks visually skewed on days when I’m not feeling good.
175992003,Good luck!
175992004,"Once I read a book about BPD. A non-scientific written book recommended from a mental hospital doctor (to a BPD, my ex-gf), seemed trustworthy to me as a source. There it was written that BPDs are allways polarizing, the world is black and white, and they have a desire to connect with people who see the world as just grey. No black and white confusion, just ""i don't really care so much"" grey. They need this grey view as an anchor when they're shaken between black and white all the time. So maybe (now I leave the book facts and make a hypothesis out of nowhere), maybe when SPDs are a bit grey and invariant, don't care so much about emotions between people, and maybe this greyness makes them appear like a sold grey rock in the surf. Would explain the attraction of BPD to SPD I guess. Vice versa the SPDs might appreciate the liveliness of BPDs. The un-grey-ness if you want to say so However, pure speculation (except the part with attraction to grey I read in the book). I would not recommend relation
s between two PDs. I'd recommend relations with one PD and one Non-PD, or two Non-PD obviously. But maybe I'm a hypocrite, non-pds are so boring ..."
175992005,"I figured they inflated but I didn’t know so I thought it was weird. Makes sense. But now I know why I buy like 7 items and it’s 100 dollars. We are tight on cash as it is, as far as having a rounded budget."
175992006,I'll try and wake up at 9am this morning Will probably be going for a hike on Canada day. I took a little more than my tolerant dose of phenibut so could have sleep paralysis tonight.
175992007,"I become destructive without regular, intense physical activity. I've had moments where I just dropped everything and bled myself with intense cardio. Only then was I capable of moving on from the possession of emotions/thoughts. Although I don't know how that works for _PERSON_ because I am not that. You all have inspired me to start reading the _NAME_ books. Watched Killing Gunther, dark comedy about hitmen. It got some laughs out of me."
175992008,"Yes, volunteering is a great way to help the vulnerable at this time, with the added plus that it keeps our hands and mind busy. I volunteer for Meals on Wheels - check to see if they need help in your area."
175992009,"So the _USER_ID_ coffee was just OK, not the answer to my coffee dreams....I’m a latte girl....I really think I need to try nespresso or an equivalent machine. The Starbucks syrups were good though much better than the torani vanilla."
175992010,"I've had one of the worst years of my life with regards my psychosis. I swear I've had at least one breakdown this year as well as other smaller do's. I can't even stop to take a break because there's no one to pick up the tab for me. But believe me, there has been times during this year when I could have quite easily have just....STOPPED! I sometimes would just love to be able to tell someone about it but I end up not doing and then I get scared in case health care people tell me I'm too ill to work. I can't not work but I feel like I'm going madder and madder and madder until one day my head's gonna pop."
175992011,"Your words. Nobody else's as far as I'm aware. What makes this outbreak so confusing to so many people such as yourself is that the disease, as far as disease in general goes, is not particularly nasty. It just isn't. As far as diseases that nobody has immunity to, however, it just about makes the cut as nasty enough to be concerning. And that's all it takes for it to be deeply concerning. When the snowy slope is as big as the entire world population, just the fact that there is a snowball is enough. And the fact that the disease in itself is not all that scary is what makes it an order of magnitude more concerning than it would be otherwise (compounded to another order of magnitude by the fact that it seems to spread silently). Because the relative safety that each individual feels is exactly what dramatically increases the chances of a seriously bad outcome for everybody. It's a ""tragedy of the commons"" type of situation. Catching the disease yourself is, in all likelihood, not a big deal. But 
everybody catching it all at once is nothing short of a major catastrophe. Because, out of all the infected people, a few semi-random ones end up needing medical attention, and they need it badly. And ""a few out of all"" multiplied by eight billion is a frickin lot. Way beyond what any society could hope to be prepared to deal with properly. Way beyond the point where the ones at risk of dying from the disease itself aren't the only ones anymore at risk of suffering badly from all the systemic ramifications. Eventually you will, just like eventually happened with past pandemics. That much is inevitable and completely beyond control. The question that remains open is whether or not most people will eventually know someone who died or developed some kind of lifelong health complication from this one. Within the realm of plausibility, the ideal horizon at this point would be if a scalable effective treatmeant were discovered/developed in the next few months (which isn't something that can be counted on, but is 
definitely not impossible either). But barring that, all we can do is delay things. If we don't delay things, then people will still end up hiding inside anyway, for fear for their own / their family's life and wellbeing. But the dark irony is that that sort of spontaneous fear would only kick in after it's not very helpful anymore. Once most people have that personal reason to fear the disease (meaning: they know someone who's suffered from it), then the outbreak is already running its course, or has run it entirely already. Then the economy will be waiting for them to rejoin, and they'll be hiding in fear. The idea that the economy is specifically suffering from the measures being taken, and by nothing else, stems from the idea that only deliberate acts have consequences. But viruses and volcanoes and so on just don't care about that. The economy is suffering from the pandemic regardless. You don't need to trust me or believe me on this. You only need to accept that that's the nature of a pandemc, and that 
pandemics happen. Then you automatically know that, if you're going to question the fact of a current pandemic, then the only reasonable course of action is to do it starting from a place where you assume it's real and act accordingly."
175992012,"I’m bored. I haven’t started saying that til a few months after I lost my job. Sucks. But with this new medicine dosage I’m back to sleeping all day and sometimes all night. I’m back to square one. I feel like a fraud, too, because I just am doing all this editorial advocacy work and I’m back to square one. I feel like an imposter! L Being sick with mental health sucks. If it ain’t the illness keeping you down, it’s the meds. It’s always something. Then you feel good for one whole day and then the next day it’s back to depression, or having a panic attack, or voices, or whatever. It’s just such a fckn struggle. And my agoraphobia and anxiety has ramped up since I’ve been home due to losing my job and covid. Fckn ridiculous."
175992013,"I believe you're correct. An immediate switch in something like a personality disorder would be too much at once. One needs to ease into having a completely different outlook. I imagine the switch would cause anxiety over the overwhelming change and it would cause the person to go right back to where they started. The idea of being reborn would be a perfect solution if the life is normal from the beginning and it would work especially well if the person didn't remember the previous life. The memories would help with certain things but I think the bad ones might still cause a person to have the pd all over again despite the normal life though it would likely be a minor version of it. Hah, minor cuz rebirth...ok, I'm done."
175992014,"Within today's world of changing attitudes towards accessing information, thinking about current affairs and events, and studying our main recognizable symptoms of hearing voices and having the unnerving awareness of being covertly monitored or harassed as their general diagnosis. It begs the question when before the obvious infiltration of the so-called TI movement was it already an ensnarement awaiting to entrap genuine victims of this trend or change in our worldly view with regards to our condition and of our empirical view of the landscape. Fake news via social media witch-hunting enabling platforms YouTube groomers preying upon the mental affected and disabled, COVID 19 ever appearing ridiculous even to the warped, as it's main strategery would be blatant coercive control or to change the way the so-called normals view their world, through techniques that mimic TI Television and the like, or in short our disease, I've thought that years ago the similarities between the general dynamics of cyb
er mobbing, revenge porn, workplace mobbing was very methodical to experiencing being a voice hearer, then we come across the TI thing whilst being subject to street mobbing and triggering attempts at an emotional response or outburst. This would have been recorded via mobile phone apps to be networked amongst the abusive hidden mob in order to blackmail or discredit the genuine victim of targeting. Even the UN Chef Rapporteur upon torture and degrading treatment has made steps to publically address this real issue or run the risk of discrediting the whole of the UN. Cyber Torture is the new all-round term for being subjected on a continued basis with no real assistance or aid from the environment other than the usual traps already laying in wait this could be a very real human rights violation in the near future as we are grouped together as crazy, due to the design of the mobbing campaigns. I can recall another hidden abuse that had to go through a process in order for it to be publically acknowledged as pu
re fact. So, with all of this in light would the perpetrators of clandestine acts procure certain pleasures of mobbing covertly people they see as less than or poor in their expectations of what is living and what is not. So as you can actually in real-time hear them heckle and gang stalk (mobbing term) an unwitting target, would they like what has been proven before they have certain similarities to child sex offenders by way of design and of a basic understanding of abusive psychopathy, so to partake within the continued mobbing 24/7 of an individual be it through actual involvement by street swarming or floating box via Snapchat apps, or through EMF broadcasting. Smear campaigning against the target in order to tar the victim, or form a social outcast of them, revenge is the usual motive, or to drive the victim into services. or homelessness. I termed these acts of modern clandestine Zersetzung, whether via online or offline means. To be subject to the psychopathy or fetishization of these so-called people 
is an unspoken form of emotional abuse, psychological warfare, invasion of privacy rights as a noncombatant. So, within this landscape of what it's like to permanently live inside a Twitter hate mobbing storm, and try to co-exist within it best describes the common experiences of voice hearers. ( sorry for any mistypes)"
175992015,I sit and sit and sit most of the day now. Idk how to explain the brevity of it. Or rather the seriousness of it. And I say it's serious cuz I don't get a damn thing done anymore and fiancé and my mom and even my dad ask me what I did today and I always say idk because I then realize I've sat in a trance all day with things running through my mind. A literal trance. Like I used to do when I was catatonic with my psychosis.
175992016,"I need to as well! I have over 150 physical books and no bookshelf to put them on. Definitely getting one eventually, probably when I move"
175992017,I am drinking coffee to stay awake.
175992018,what’s a woody?
175992019,"This makes me think of why I like animals, it's because they are honest. Animal language = real language, TRUE language (People refer to this as body language) Verbal language = unreliable, very overvalued language. Can just as easily be used to lie and cheat as to be truthful. I believe in the goodness of animals With people however you never know what you gonna get"
175992020,That was fast...
175992021,Hope your mood gets better. Glad your meds are very helpful too
175992022,Oh. I wonder why.
175992023,Yes I did
175992024,Feel good today! Third day taking 2 vraylar
175992025,"Hi, Some people would talk a lot when in a manic phase. Some people naturally have high energy and talk a lot. Some people may be accustom to talking a lot due to their jobs. I see it as their personality as well. It all depends on the person. UA"
175992026,"I've been having a hard time keeping up with PC these days... Don't have the energy or motivation to read all the posts. Know that I am still around, but I've been struggling bad. Today wasn't that bad, though."
175992027,"I don't feel pain like normal people. I dissociate from it. Y'know ketamine (A dissociative) is a painkiller right? They use it in hospitals for pain for humans and in vets for animals. I have a different persona that pretends that bad things don't happen. It's like sometimes I'm not really there. I agree with people that say bad things about me. I'm easy to manipulate. When I realize what someone has done to me, I still think of it as a funny thing. I don't take things seriously enough. I know a lot of people that are so down on themselves that everything is just black and darkness. They hate their parents, get into bad relationships and smoke cigarettes like they really want to die. When I'm down on myself, I'm just frustrated - But I'm mentally autistic. When I want to die, I think of it like a playful thing. My tragedy isn't after I die and ""He had it hard.. - there was no light, it was a very serious thing"". For me, it's like my tragedy is like a kid scraped his knee and started crying. I do
n't know how to explain it. I didn't die - After all the drugs I took.. There's a connotation to hard drugs like they destroy lives and they deserve it.. That's what people think. I did them out of delirium. Like a manic dream. My life is a mania. When I'm depressed, I use humour. I never lose my sense of humour. There's something called ""Sad clown paradox"" where it seems like most comedians are depressed or have been through depression or just seem to have some inner sadness. I was the most popular in middle school because I was so funny. I like making people laugh because it makes me laugh. Yet such deep philosophical thoughts.. I remember sitting in the playground wishing I wasn't alive when I was 10. I didn't want to play soccer with a tennis ball. Outside school I had a lot of friends. I was an annoying person sometimes and people would call me out. I've been afraid to be myself until psychedelics. Psychedelics made me feel like a kid again - Without the societal meaningless robotic jobs everyone goes 
through, the depressive alcohol drinking and cynical cigarette smokers, the assholes putting people down to make themselves feel better. I always did and will lift people up and the jealous ones put me down. Every time someone does that, it's like a relationship with that person that I have which is an entity that takes his/her form. Something that haunts me to make sure I stay balanced, - Then I continue doing what I do, which is try to live and be myself, change, grow. But at the same time those dark depressions were harder than anything I've ever been through. I did want to die and walked alone through it all. But I don't remember my pain. The feeling was all gone in depression. Everyone left me alone. One kid was like ""Come to the party, drink alcohol"". He really wanted to help. But I was on some journey walking on some dark road, completely lost. The shroom helped. Alcohol wasn't what I needed. It's never what anyone needs."
175992028,"Today was a better day. I went to my partial hospitalization program. It was not as hard today to talk about issues. I didn’t even cry. And I was about to go shopping and make dinner. It still feels weird, but I want to focus on the positive."
175992029,I feel the same way - I thought I was leaking spinal fluid last night because I cracked my neck near my brain stem and then my neck started feeling cold/chilled (My aunt had spinal fluid leaking from her nose). I think about each heart beat that it ends and stops during the pause in a new multiverse every time.
175992030,"Cwa8807 Thanks for your reply. That is very good...I am glad you have been going, because you are carrying a lot of hurt and confusion through it all. What do you feel would be the best option for the children, if you divorce?"
175992031,Ok I think finding reason stays up an extra like day until night of the next evening when she wants to reset her sleep. You should talk to her about it.
175992032,"Terrible headache that won't go away. I don't really keep anything here but aspirin. Also, totally bummed out. COVID is exploding here and lots of other places out west. College football is something I really, really look forward to every year. I know it sounds silly, but I do not get excited about much. This, I get excited about and now, _PERSON_ says he doubts we will have football. So bummed."
175992033,So sorry falcon *hugs*
175992034,"Bought the tickets. So happy, and I hope fiance is happy too."
175992035,"I just want to keep listening to music and ignore the world until I'm ready again. That's all I did when my life was hopeless, miserable, lonely and isolated, painful, confusing and dark. I slept, helped people with suicide.. But I was also listening to music. It was like my soul was hooked up to an IV of healing vibrations. It got me through - And needs to happen again, less I go insane. - INFP"
175992036,"Hi all. Hope you are doing well. Throughout the holidays my anxiety has been really bad. Mostly causing bad dreams about making mistakes at work in my new job- which has been happening. They are stupid mistakes due to not paying attention to detail I am telling myself. I am still new- but people are acting like- by now.... Here's the thing. This is only my 2nd Christmas without my son and it caused a grief surge- but they don't know about that and I don't want to talk about it. Also Christmas Eve in 2017 I had to fly to be there for my dying mom and since there was a shortage of hospice nurses I had to administer her morphine and she has a very difficult death- not peaceful at all. I am just so edgy and having terrible death memories and bad scary thoughts. My mind is so occupied by this I think it's affecting my memory and focus. The other thing is I think they don't realize- even tho I started first week of Nov- I didn't have a work station and computer until the 10th. Then the person who is supp
osed to be training me is now working from home and virtual training is not working. He clicks thru the software screens in record speed. I can't look down to take notes and I miss the steps. I've mentioned it.... Anyway- I also had Covid and was out for 6 working days. _PERSON_ foggy the first 2 days back, then had a weekend to further recover. Then 2 short holiday weeks. I have really only worked 29 days. I'm having really intrusive thoughts. Stinking Thinking and my coping methods are not working. I'm terrified of making a big mistake and being fired. Trying not to take xanax because I feel like it might get to be a necessity. Any suggestions? Thanking you all in advance for your support."
175992037,"Hi Rich, I am sorry if I sound dumb, but what does a ""secret shopper"" do? Do you go to competitive stores and purchase stuff? Please let me know. You will do well. I know you will!!! Have a great day!!! Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992038,Yeah idk how it works in Canada could be drivers license?
174391321,My stepdaughter has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and the way you describe yourself is the SAME way she is. Everyone is always wrong and the 9 year old is always right ?.
175992039,Morning! Omg what a difference. Yesterday when I turned on the A/Cs it was 88 degrees in here. It’s now 70 and I’m wearing a hoodie . Feels so good! Idk what I’ll do today. I’m already bored and I just got up.
175992040,i think thats wise. your mom just wants to help. hope it goes well for you
175992041,I'm feeling pretty numb. I was nervous earlier but now I'm just numb. Like I don't care what happens.
174391310,"Welcome to Psych Central, Greyleno. Here are links to 2 articles, from Psych Central's archives, on the subject of schizophrenia: Schizophrenia Guide: Symptoms, Treatment & More | Psych Central Schizophrenia Treatment: Types Of Therapy & Medications | Psych Central I hope you find PC to be of benefit."
175992042,Oh for sure. I have five small tattoos all well thought out and planned. Couldn’t imagine what else I would have if I lived within walking distance while unmedicated hahaha.
175992043,"Meet the ‘psychobiome’: the gut bacteria that may alter how you think, feel, and act | Science | AAAS Really interesting article on the psychobiome......"
175992044,"GF, Oh man...that's rough to be sick so much....and have the increased anxiety that goes along with illness. My daughter had 3 things in a row as well....the last being strep! It's been a rough season! Nice that we are now moving out of cold/flu time, yes? Be well and continue your good coping skills! _PERSON_"
175992045,Try online therapy and meditation classes or anything else that will calm you down
175992046,Oooooooh yea. Is that the same as playdoh?
175992047,One more day and I'm off for 4 days.
175992048,"I'm pretty sure it's the geodon AND the heat. No offense to my dad or anything, but I'm so glad I'm here and not there at his house. Our a/c was broken for a few years and the heat was so dam terrible. He might have a window unit now but it's still not good I'm sure. Here, we have central a/c. I'm so glad."
175992049,"Really looking forward to the 4th season of F is For Family, it will be awhile though. Not till 2020 On season 3 of Shameless right now"
175992050,Sorry to hear this blu but pleased you have had good treatment keep us posted. _PERSON_
175992051,"You have a whole lot on your plate. I hope others are chipping in around the house. Maybe cooking meals and cleaning. Do you drive at all? Can you work something out so you can get your own store? I imagine that would be a wage increase. Though it is a lot of responsibility. Which I am sure you already know. I wish you the best. Keep us posted. Hugs, _NAME_... 12"
175992052,Sorry you're struggling _AT_MENTION_
175992053,"I know of the vampire movie, interview with a vampire. Is there a movie of this specific book?"
175992054,Thank you Lab!! Much appreciated. _PERSON_ Sorry to hear of your annoying neighbors. That is difficult to live with. Peace be yours...even with the troublesome people you have to deal with. S.C.
175992055,I find when people lash out it’s due to their own struggle so it’s best to respond with compassion......
174391339,I can't believe no one - Even professionals can't tell if I have autism or schizophrenia. I don't even know. It's likely schizophrenia cuz of the hallucinations (Mostly the voices). But that's a sign? Oh jesus it's 5am.. Omg.. _USER_ID_: Good morning I guess..
175992056,Turned in my exam....hopefully it’s decent.....just relaxing a couple hours before the interview.....
175992057,"Good, mama's proud of ya!"
175992058,I'm okay now. Thanks _AT_MENTION_. I just started crying out of nowhere. I'm hoping it's the headache and not depression or something! I took a short walk outside to check the mail. Change of pace/scenery.
175992059,No. Not that one. I mean The Center Cannot Hold. I got it from amazon.
175992060,Oh good.
175992061,"I wish I could write down how I really feel. Like pages and pages and paragraphs. I want someone to talk to. When my cousin was here, I had someone to talk to. Now I have no one to talk to again. I need a good therapist that I can talk to for 10 hours a day. My therapist is on holidays. I need a therapist BAD. I NEED TO EXPRESS. All I do is express my paaaaaaaiiin. I need to take control. But all I do is listen and I don't think my own thoughts and do what I want to do. I take too much advice. I'm literally dying. I'm sick of being so tired so I got out of bed. I don't know what to do."
175992062,I wish you tons of good luck. That's kind of amazing that they made a card you have to have in order to fly. Wow. Sent from my Nokia C2 Tennen using Tapatalk
175992063,Do these CBD/THC blends use indica or sativa? Or does it just depend which one you buy? I have done some meditation. Even completed an MBSR class. But I have trouble keeping a disciplined practice.
175992064,I’m kinda stuck in a place where I keep convincing myself “oh if I can just accomplish this one thing I’ll be happy” or “doing this will make me much happier “ and none of it really does so I’m still left with a void or emptiness I’m desperately trying to fill so I don’t feel like a shell of a person.
175992065,Decaf coffee
175992066,"Just took one, felt great!"
175992067,"i don't really know what to think. sounds like one small piece of all the things that came together to make me who i am. it's not just about my mother/family and honestly i'm not all that interested in that. my family situation made me a natural pleaser that found comfort in being alone. perhaps created these attachment styles and started this path, along with genetics. it made me learn that who i am is unimportant. it's more what i can offer. but then continued betrayal of so many others pushed me further and further until my ability to have normal relationships was harmed irrevocably. in the end i believe all relationships have a cost. the closer you get to someone the more likely they'll want you to pay. they'll demand it. i don't way to pay the cost. anyway, i feel like i'm losing focus in this response. i'm having a bad week."
174391351,"I am wondering about a topic that probably affects all of us here. Change. I don't get how change happens, especially with a severe illness such as schizophrenia/schizoaffective which I have. I feel like I do so many things just because of my diagnosis. I know there are some things I will have to just accept as being part of my illness. But where do you draw the line? How do I start actually carving out a path for myself? It's hard because I don't think there are clear-cut answers. Anyway, any feedback would be appreciated. Like, I know the meds help, but I am sometimes believing that the meds are doing everything for me, when I know it's just a small part. So it messes with my autonomy at a certain level. I wish I was fully autonomous."
175992068,We are healed schizo
175992069,Cough syrup can be addictive if used besides a cold or an alcoholic. YOu're dealing a lot there hun. try finding some coping skills.
175992070,Sorry y’all this is causing a ton of anxiety. Anyone get a migraine with aura after bumping their head? I got them frequently on their own for about a year but nothing in the last two to three years until today- I hit the soft spot on the side of the head on a glass shower door while cleaning the bathroom. I got a sharp pain that felt odd but it wasn’t the that hard so I ignored it and eit faded fast. Then about 5 to 10 minutes later I noticed I was having visual disturbances that transitioned into the scintillating scatoma and classic migraine with aura symptoms. The migraine head pain passed later in the day But the pain moved to my shoulder where it still continues to ache. Migraines with auras on their own don’t don’t upset me other than being really unpleasant but now I’m not sure if I should be concerned about when it happened and I feel so conflicted between under and over reacting
175992071,Thanks _AT_MENTION_ psychotic
175992072,I wish I didn’t have to go to work tomorrow. I had anxiety all day today at work just generalized anxiety not anything in particular and I feel it’s going to be the same tomorrow. I don’t want to become a shut in or anything though.
175992073,If you’re sleeping more than twelve hours sure I get it but if it’s less than that I wouldn’t worry about it. Sleep is rarely normal for us.
175992074,"if you feel good at 100 that is ok. taper off a bit to see if 50 is ok, that is like a standard dose. but if you feel better at 100 keep taking it. it is a perfectly fine therapeutic dose. but don't go off of it - it will throw you back into depression and anx. good luck. talk to your doc and do therapy if you can all the best"
175992075,"I'm doing really good for coming to these realizations.. I accept everything. I watch my hand go for a nicotine gum and I'm like ""****"", I observe this.. This nonsense.. It's all nonsense when I trick myself into thinking that I can't do anything about it"
175992076,I cant sleep. I got a headache too.
175992077,Oh I didn’t mean your post wast like and email I was talking about repose time for dating and its more like IM or text than email. Does that make sense ?
175992078,Chicken nuggets
175992079,Slices of cucumber with salt
175992080,"I’m not sure if it’s health anxiety or general, I have had anxiety for 10 years, i have been on and off from meds, I can say out of those 10 years it has been controlled most of the time to the point where I say, I got this but this current situation made it all go bad. My anxiety with covid return in the way that I wake up feeling scared because I don’t want to die. I hear suicides in tv and make me very anxious because I don’t understand what happens to those people. I have a good job, a beautiful daughter, I’m a single mom but i have a great family by my side and so I don’t understand why anxiety just finds a way to try to get to us every time you think you have overcome it."
175992081,"Fatigue has been a recurring issue yes. In the past year or so it has been realyl pronounced, making it hard to do stuff at a lot of days. It has been hard though so far to get a grip on what exactly causes it, since my symptoms can be quite varied a lot seems to be conversion disorder though. As what to do about it, I havent realyl found anything. I just bear it and do what I can."
175992082,"I had the best sleep in months, possibly ever, last night. I went to bed at 8:30pm (because I didn't sleep the night before.) I upped my Trileptal from 600 to 1200mgs. My doc says up it until I get to 2,400mgs and see how I like it that high. It works based on weight. So I hope 2400 does it with few side effects."
175992083,Made more Christmas cookies just now!
175992084,Don't know how much I slept. It was broken up into 1-2 hours here and there
175992085,"Ocean--I think it's important for you and your wife to set up some boundaries for your father-in-law; otherwise you become a victim of his manipulation. A professional counselor can help with establishing limits. I am not in a similar situation, but my parents were with my mom's dad, who lived with them. After some missteps, they were able to set some boundaries with him that he would have to follow if he were to stay with them. He didn't follow them, and they moved him to a nursing home."
175992086,Usually people define themselves in relation to others. You are That. Tat tvam asi.
175992087,Please tell me when you send an e-card to _NAME_. I have a thing or two I'd like to say to him.
175992088,Hugs to all that needs a hug during the AM's <3
175992089,Omg my 2021 is starting off with a Big Bang. Got a Fiverr gig on January 1st and it’s completed! AND got 3 invites to 3 different influencer campaigns TODAY ALONE. _PERSON_ makes me feel good!!! It’s only the 4th of Jan. Got all that plus my stimmy checkkk
175992090,Still no word on smoking. Are they going to never open here??? I'm so tired and fed up with this whole situation.
175992091,Good one. HT great proactivity..and sharing this. ? HT
175992092,Ugh I'm getting super agitated.
175992093,"I do not think I would actually be cured. Some periods of time are good and calm and then suddenly out of nowhere I feel really anxious. With mine I do get lots of physical symptoms so I think it has helped that I am not as afraid of them anymore. I try to get distracted and do something else and not concentrate on the actual scary feeling. Sometimes, I just cry to let all out. I also do spend a lot of time alone because sometimes it just takes too much effort so I understand. For anxiety programs, I watch sometimes the anxiety guy videos in youtube and they do help. Good luck"
175992094,"As a person who enjoys Nine Inch Nails, be careful where it can take you. I did something under psychosis, while listening to nin, that I will regret for the rest of my life. It can amp up mr. self destruct."
175992095,"Found this really cute new game called “A Short Hike”. You play as a teenage bird who hiked up a mountain in their town and meet interesting birds on your way up. And u can go off the beaten path too The birds are personified so they are like the people in the town. But yea it’s a cute, moving and emotional storyline to it as well. Here’s a pic when I found a graveyard near the top on a separate path. And then second pic is when I got to the very top of the mountain and glided to the bottom. Cute game! I think SP would like it. It’s on switch."
175992096,Yes apparently vitamin D causes cancer. Use tinypic.com to upload photos
175992097,I feel anxious. Gonna make tea.
175992098,That would be a really cool tattoo.
175992099,What are you going to bake?
175992100,"Hello healing well family! It’s good to be back on here. Been a couple of months since I last posted. Question, is it recommended to increase dosage when going through something difficult? I am currently on lexapro 5mg (not my first time on lex and 5mg has always been my magic dose) Lately I’ve had sooo much stress due to marriage issues and it’s triggering my anxiety, wondering if I should increase? ....before the stress settled in I was doing great with zero anxiety. The anxiety I am getting now is not extreme, very minimal but it puts me in a funk and I hate it. Appreciate any advice!"
175992101,"I'm 26 I work from home, I suffer from anxiety and depression and it prevents me from being able to work a real job. Last year I kicked heroin, I've been sober for 2 years, minus the month of december 2019. I dont have a vehicle. I stay home most days, sometimes I get lucky enough to go hangout with my mother. I dont have any friends left, I burnt every bridge there was to burn. I feel like I'm stuck in a rut, I cant save enough money to do anything substantial. The only people I have to talk to is my family. I dont have any specific reason why I am upset. I dont know how to even talk about it. I am just in a repetitive suffer of loneliness."
175992102,hi..that is like i felt many years ago..a friend suggested i had depression and anxiety..this was back in the 80`s when it wasn`t talked about like it is today..my primary dr kept giving me anxiety pills and finally he turned me over to a Psychiatrist who then had me take an antidepressant that was good for depression and anxiety..i was in my 30`s then...I am 68 now..it got so much better but i did have relapses along the way..i still take an antidepressant although a different on then i had been on..you mentioned you take your meds..what are you on..you may need a higher dose for a little while..this is a scarey world right now..i know my anxiety has spiked also..possibly a different antidepressant all together..the one i had been on for a long time quit working..I am glad you are open and honest with your support team..its hard for people like your husband to really understand unless they suffer with it themselves..i have recently developed an autoimmune disease that is setting me back abit..back 
in 1996 i was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and that was another set back...so we have to expect set backs in life..and try to move on from them..ihope you feel better soon..maybe have another chat with your provider about your current meds...
175992103,I feel good 50% of the time and feel bad 50% of the time. Right now I feel good with only 9 hours of sleep.. My sleep is beautiful.. It starts off as periods of really deep sleep and then the other half is REM sleep... 11 hours... always.. I had a small panic attack last night where I couldn't breathe because the wake-sleep thing was making me anxious.
175992104,"My friend _PERSON_ had an existential crisis and learned to lean on comedy. My friend _NAME_ didnt become a rock star but he teaches others how to play. I failed at philosophy, so I write, hoping I can help a person some day, My roommate with bpd saved a rescue dog and they find purpose together, _NAME_ became bat man. The we all had is that the difficulty in finding our purpose is because it has to be custom suited for that person. It's like a suit that is custom suited, each stitch with you in mind. You're artsy in many ways that I'll never be. You're getting a cat soon too! My writing isn't much to be honest. My first story was failed, but I finished it and I learned from every mistake, and rocked it with my second story. I'm so proud of that story. You have your faith too, and that's a big deal, and can lead to a bigger community like us. And if you deviate with it, just know that that is part of having a complex nature because we are always led by curiosity and doubt. DOOR has a strong communi
ty with her church by cooking there. A big aspect of my second story gets to something underneath all of us, it's about our relationship with others, my friends' passions are a way to commune with others as I hope to do with my works. YOu can do that with art, religion, love, or philosophy, and if you can find a way to overlap some of these categories then all the better. You have a lot to offer the world BB, as do all of us, especially us because we've experienced dark times, making us more complex creatures, who can feel out others' problems so to be more understanding."
175992105,Bag of flour and cans of black beans
175992106,What is your blog name?
175992107,I feel good. Amazing. Euphoric
175992108,"Hi S.C. Thanks for the response. I went to a doctor who didn't even look in my nose but after checking ears, throat, and pressing around my face said he didn't know what to tell me. Not really worth the $25 copay. I do saline spray or drops nightly. I just added flonase and the phantom smell is now on/off instead of constant, so I guess it's getting better. I'm currently concerned about my sore throat returning, but I have an upcoming gastroenterology appointment since the ENT ruled out anything on that track... It's an ongoing difficult process, but I'm working on my health anxiety as best as I can. I need to get back to the workbook help that's here too."
175992109,Those pictures of you and them were so adorable and heartbreaking. It will get better with time and I know you want what's best for them let alone not harming them.
175992110,"Myfitnesspal pal does that too. I think you can connect your Fitbit to the account. Plus you can log your food. I have to say, I've been on and off it many times, but the times I really used the app, I lost a lot of weight."
175992111,"Sorry _AT_MENTION_. Family can be toxic. I have 2 auntss, 2 cousins, and my niece on my FB. I typically block them if I happen to post about mental illness. I don’t care to have my family in my biz. I share very very little with people IRL. I don’t really talk to about 1/2 of my mom’s family. ? they are judge mental asses. ."
174391405,"I'm curious, did you recieve emotions and comfort from her or other caregivers in a normative way? Did she (or other caregivers) know how to regulate their own emotional intensity or distress? Or any histrionics or ongoingly erratic or unpredictably behaving individuals while growing up? Or did she (or other caregivers) not actually have that much regard for comforting you? And/or instead, did they use you to regulate their own emotions? And/or pretended they were comforting you when they were using you to comfort themselves? Very little, all I really know is that it appears to connect with different degrees of mental (especially psychotic) disorders within relatives with it - and the genetics with creativity and intelligence. I do know _PERSON_ son had schizophrenia, and a long time ago, I also read something of creative genius being connected to families that have schizophrenia (bipolar as well) in them. I know this isnt an empirical research, but: Creative Minds 'Mimic Schizophrenia' https://www
.bbc.co.uk/news/_PHONE_NO_ Speaking of being gifted, I've notice many different people calling each other ""autists"" by way of teasing or name calling - and it's a bit lost on me. Because people with Autism are born with neurological ""hyper-connectivity"" (the very possible essence of neuroplasticity), there's a well known quote by the guy who defined asperger's syndrome, And it's often quite true. Always a brain abnormality of some sort. That's the $#%^ I admire. I've had at least 10 diagnoses, but not that one I'd think I may actually be proud to have the AS or high functioning ASD diagnosis. There's a guy called _NAME_ (who has high functioning ASD and synthenesia) and he talks about the role of genius in intellect and creativity and his own experiences. Phenomenal mathematical memory, author of multiple books, has mastery of multiple languages and teaches them. It would be amazing to have his level of giftedness. *As always, feel free to ignore any or all questions. I'm just curious by nature."
175992112,"some anti deps are not advisable with phen. Check with dr. i did a search, but other meds also can be a prob. blood pressure meds, etc. Keep strong. Phen is a schedule 4 in my area of the world, and super expensive. HT"
175992113,"I have left school and living in a very rural village there are no clubs or groups for writing even in the towns. Writing gives me a chance to escape and go into the world I made and in a way it helps, you're right about it not being good because I'm alone. Telling my family would do nothing, they wouldn't stop because none of them see eye to eye and if anything my dad would make it some sort of joke about me being sensitive. I have reached out to a hot line and I was emailing them because I'm not comfortable talking over the phone and it went on for a few days before they just didn't reply. I have had no response for over a month."
174391422,"Sending you love and support, Blue. Be safe!!! Both lithium and clozaril have been proven to reduce SI meaningfully. Should you be on one?"
174391413,Yummerrrrr!!!!!
175992114,Have you seen a doctor?
175992115,voices....voices.....
175992116,"A man from around the corner walked to the end of the block and shot himself Friday night. Someone called the police and said an older man had a gun and was threatening to hurt himself, and boy did the police respond. There were patrol cars and officers everywhere. When they entered the man’s apartment and found he wasn’t there, they fanned out in every direction. They found him in the ivy in a small wooded grove that abuts the highway. They taped off the area, and neighbors gathered across the street to watch and wonder. His daughter arrived, wailing. Back on the block someone brought out drinks and a little summer happy hour began. No one paid much attention to the suicide, other than a passing comment or even a wise crack about what had happened. The man was truly alone. I spoke to the woman who lives next door. I made some sardonic comments and nonsequiturs. I wanted to talk about anything else. Since I attempted suicide myself in 2002 I haven’t been able to deal with the topic around oth
ers and have met it with black humor and withdrawal. But it’s not funny. I went back in the house. https://blogs.psychcentral.com/older-bipolar/2019/08/a-suicide-in-the-neighborhood/"
175992117,"You can’t. It’s lawfully required of mentally ill patient who refused antipsychotic pills to take depot and if you don’t. They will go to your house and capture you in for depot, ect and psych ward lock up. Some countries also reserve the right to manage your funds for you and restrict your diet etc. China even has the right to restrict all your freedom entirely if they think you lack capacity as you might become a menace to yourself and the society"
175992118,"This isn’t much, Im extremely out of practice with drawing but am trying to get back into it. Anyway, here’s a quick drawing I did to help take my mind off of some anxiety I’m having. Attached Images FB91040B-F5A6-4D63-B470-8718558C40FD.jpg (167.7 KB, 4 views)"
175992119,my tooth hurts so bad. Just took an ibuprofen. I'm getting them (2 of them) extracted on the 18th of Feb
175992120,First attempt in making meringue. Need to work on the presentation but they taste so good
175992121,"I have no idea, I was pretty unmotivated and not excited or feeling alive for a very long time, I seem to be on a good combo of meds now that help me"
175992122,Having a panic attack probably cause I overdid it with the coffee today
175992123,I read this short book today about a woman with schizoaffective. It was her writing it and it was interesting and sad. I don't want my story to be sad.
175992124,Can’t wait to see it....if I don’t see it right away it’s because I’m the designated driver for the bf after colonoscopy tomorrow.
175992125,It is a beautiful thing that you and your father can talk to each other and express what is in your hearts -- a thing that many long for.
175992126,I’m dealing with bad agoraphobia right now
175992127,"Eh, I am finally going down on Zyprexa. It's about ****_NAME_ time."
175992128,"_PERSON_ has a half life like 36 hours, which is way to long for me. Xanax was way to short. I like Restoril, it's a good 7 hours which is perfect for bed time. Klonopin builds in your system and if you take it every day it will make you sleepy all day, and its very hard to wake up."
175992129,"Just the fact that I have something to do and feel engaged. I don't think they'll let me back in at this point, so it's probably moot to talk about, but I feel like just having something to do is good for me."
175992130,Add me!!!
175992131,"Sounds good. I have a huge backlog of games to get through anyways. I might even wait for it to go on sale if I’m not done with the games I’m playing. I’m going to put down my current games, though, when Fire Emblem: Three Houses comes out on July 26th. Supposedly there is 200 hrs of gameplay according to the developers, and then DLC on top of that."
175992132,"I feel like I'm getting old and I'm 26. I can't even stay up late anymore. I used to pull all nighters constantly now I can barely make it to midnight, I'm usually asleep by around 10"
175992133,"I see a chiropractor for my bad lower back and he puts it back in place and it works every time. I have an extra vertebra in my back and it slips out every now and then. Net says chiropractors can also help with a stiff neck. I would find one on the search engine by typing in ""chiropractor for your city"" on the search engine on the opening web page of the net. My chio told me, for my back or other injured areas, to use a heating pad (moist heat can beltter), which increases the blood flow to the injured area. Alternate with cold granule pack, sold at drug stores, that you keep in the freezer. This reduces the inflammation."
175992134,I can do visual and taste to completion on this.....
175992135,Played the Sims 3 this morning
175992136,I’m burnt out on both gaming and writing
175992137,Can't sleep despite being terribly sleepy
175992138,"My job has lots of drama and they keep taking me outside to yell at me and blame me for what other people do. My last roommate that disrespected me badly is now my manager so u can imagine how that is going. It really sucks, ramps up my paranoia. Feel drained all the time with my thoughts going in loops. I'm thinking about just changing departments. 40 hrs a week in my dept feels like high school , I'm too damn old for that"
175992139,When do you see your doctor next? Doesn't sound like things are going well with the effexor
175992140,"Had rotini and veggie medley with garlic butter sauce, and red potatoes and veggie medley with the same sauce."
175992141,"I made a bunch of decisions recently and I don't think I resolved a single thing... Shows how much decision-making actually helps me. One thing I'm going to try to do is set a timer for 20 minutes and during that time period, just don't make any decisions on anything and just relax. I will see if that helps."
175992142,"I like your music, it's very good!"
175992143,Got this little funshine bear to cheer up the bf.....along with a case of toilet paper...lol.....after the 4 year mark gifts can become a little strange lol...
175992144,I'm going to research nootropic brain memory learning focus energy chemicals
175992145,Different games. I figured since most of his friends are into xbox they can play that. And then I'll make sure a Nintendo switch is in there.
175992146,"It's been hot here in Maine weather-wise lately. And the meteorologists say it's going to another hot one tomorrow. As for me, I'm in the middle of an eventless week for me so far. I'm doing good."
175992147,"I should celebrate victories and whatnot in between everything going on with me, but it’s hard. But a couple good news... I got a barcode from Bowkers, which is the official company of the U.S. ISBN Agency, for books. So my last book is officially in the US system of ISBN/books. Along those lines, I’ve partnered with a company called IngramSpark which is a book distribution company to distribute my book to stores, like Barnes & noble, etc, libraries, schools, universities, etc all over the world including the USA. Which, I had to pay a flat fee for, but it’s because I’m self publishing, instead of working with a publisher ATM (at the moment) who would pay me a flat sale price to publish my books, market them, etc. But idk I feel not accomplished still. I feel like a fake cuz I’m self publishing."
175992148,"Do y'all ever feel like it's stupid to believe the voices but still believe them? I feel like that doesn't make sense, but I don't know how else to word it..."
174391456,"The company cut my hours but I am still working about 20 hours a week. I feel ok because there was a holiday this week and had two days off. Life is not too bad. I was really tired this morning after doing my shift then took a long afternoon nap. I feel better now. I drank some coffee too which is nice. I stopped drinking coffee for awhile but now am drinking it again. I love coffee!! It really perks me up. I am feeling a whole lot better because of drinking coffee and doing my makeup. I joined a language exchange group which meets daily. I like it. Sometimes, I talk and am happy I can converse at a decent level in another language. I feel wonderful. At times, I am lonely but the language group is rather fun and has kept me preoccupied besides my work. I walked around yesterday but a typhoon is here so I need to stay inside. I feel okay and am grateful for my life, health, and job. I believe, I can survive as long as I take my medication."
175992149,"My nephew turned out to have a variation of herpes which affects kids. I suspect he must’ve touched some kid in the face or put his hand in maybe some bodily fluid like spit or WHATEVER, and then put his hands in his mouth. He has sores all in his mouth and ulcers. It’s also highly contagious what he has so I’m not going to my mom for thanksgiving but I suspect if he still has a fever by Tuesday he won’t be allowed on a plane. Very worried for him. My sister did not vaccinate him for some things apparently. Idk why they are coming over. It says herpegina is contagious for weeks and most contagious for the first 2 that someone is sick with it."
175992150,Since Christmas I've lost 2 lbs
175992151,Checking in. Going to go watch tv soon after this on chnl 2.
175992152,"I have treatment resistant depression and anxiety. For years now, I wake every morning sick to my stomach, even after an afternoon nap. It feels like anxiety and panic, and nausea. Nothing helps. I have been on over 16 meds, nothing works. This started about 4 years ago when I had cancer. My doctor has given me all kinds of tests. Blood work and CAT scans. They find nothing. This has gotten worse and is hard to live with. Does any else suffer from waking stomach sickness? Thank you."
175992153,"I'm on Klonopin. I only use it when things are really bad. I think if you're using it responsibly and it helps, it's okay, if your doctor prescribed it to you. Mine is always telling me I have it for a reason when I mention not taking it even though I'm struggling with panic attacks really badly. I only take it maybe a couple times a month though still because I don't want to develop a tolerance to it."
175992154,_PERSON_ I forgot I needed a foldable grocery cart too. Oh well.
174391459,"Gotcha, ya, just wanted to throw it out there."
175992155,Y’all I could be hypomanic. Just from leaving the house. Either that or my anxiety is bigly
175992156,Good it helping. All meds have the possibility of side effects. Most are usually at start up. I learnt ling ago to push thru the few weeks and it woyld pass as the body accepted it. At this dose ya very safe my friend. Thx for posting. HT
175992157,"I stopped using facebook starting yesterday and am going to stay off for 3 months. I uninstalled the app on my phone and logged off my account on my computer. I just want to take a break from it. I'm trying to cut back on social media use anyway. There's also the screen time thing on iPhone that's helpful, you can set down time where you don't use your phone for a set period of time except you can get calls and texts, and there's the app limiting thing where you can set screen time limits on different apps"
175992158,I remember when I was super young I thought birds were laughing at me and I'd get messages from weird things like my bicycle I'd also shower with my clothes on bc I thought there was a camera in my shower . I did that when I was like 10 11 12 But my therapist said that was probably from the abuse But yea looking back I see that I had symptoms In my childhood
175992159,"I talked with my mom. I was really open and talking about things like i never have. I'm more assertive and honest. Things are ok. I hope I stay in this mental state. I feel like I'm becoming like everyone else instead of verbally bad autist even though everyone else is crazy and it can be a curse. I timed myself to go to sleep at 12am so I have time to go crazy with my thoughts and tire myself out. My mom says I'm really intelligent cuz I analyze random things to the point of exhaustion but Idek what intelligence exactly is. One woman said I seemed smart and I was like ""It's just my personality"" and wasn't sure if that was true but idk brain waves and certain traits? It's like.. What is reality? No one knows. No one knows anything. I might go mad who knows. My dad is concerned that i could ""go nuts"" which is why he facetimed me today.. My mom said to tell him about money but i said it's fine.. He doesn't want to be with my mom and she wants to live with him but he doesn't want her to have a bf 
so it makes it hard for her and I say to my mom that im going to tell my therapist that i want to move out and have my own apartment i said id get lonely too and need someone to help with my mental health so it's all a **** cluster of thoughts. I'll just keep thinking and thinking then take a zopi and fall asleep dream it out only have a few hours of productive time tomorrow might read tonight or tomorrow chores to do etc mindless tasks bringing up the past trauma etc. But it's ok."
175992160,I feel yeah. When I lived with my parents I pretty much got lonely because every one in the house was sleeping or at work or with their friends. My mom also works in retail and she’s the type to go if is urgent. There was 3 employees that had Covid. I worry especially me seeing the grim reaper. I feel ya. on that part. I want my mommy moments... like you want your daddy and being daddy’s girl. Nnn
175992161,My contact lense fell down the drain so I can only see with one eye. I'm gonna have to walk to the optometrist and get a new one lol
175992162,Let’s switch. You write the essays I’ll do the coding
175992163,"Yes I agree with all , and my morning anxiety comes around 4-5 AM and usually wakes me up (with panic symptoms sometimes) and I go back to sleep after a while. I think it may be related with brain activity during sleep. I don't know, can be."
175992164,"I was out walking today and jogging towards me was a woman. She was so worried about socially distancing herself from me that she actually jogged into the road and almost went under a 40 foot truck. Personally I don't mind the distancing if it means peoe stay out of my way but not if its putting people into worse danger. You can't clear your throat in the supermarket anymore without fear of being set upon. I like wearing a mask tho. What was once socially unacceptable has now become completely acceptable and I'm taking full advantage of this. I have two black ones, one that I made out of a union _NAME_ bandana and one that I like to wear when I'm cycling. Also, the roads are absolutely beautiful for riding my bike. I do hear what you are saying Cholls."
175992165,"That makes sense! Sorry, I was just saying because I’d hate to see u spend money if there’s a free way. But I totally get it!"
175992166,"SACshmo: I told you I hadn’t been back to too much of my past in a while because of a woman who had given me some advice at an Al-Anon meeting, which I said I was going to tell you about later. But prior to my telling you about that, you said in a post, ““I hate how emotional I am, but I love how I am in general.” The part of how emotional you are reminded me of some sayings, which I wanted to pass along first, and then I was going to tell you about what the woman said at the Al-Anon meeting, witht _PERSON_ being for spouses or friends of alcoholics. OK here’s what the woman said at the Al-Anon meeting. First, I have felt sorry for myself all of my life. My mother, who was sexually abused and remained at the emotional age she was when that happened, would have been threatened by my growing more emotionally mature than she was. So she would have set out to keep me immature and would have criticized/rewarded me to keep me in line. So, at 43, at this al-anon meeting, the group leader was giv
ing everybody a chance to talk. There weren’t but about 4 or 5 people there. When it came my turn to talk, I started spouting my troubles, feeling sorry for myself. I droned on and on in a pittyfull tone of voice. When I finally got through, the woman next to me, said, “Oh, you were having a Pitty Party. We’ve all done that.” Now, as speeches go, that’s probably not the best one you’ve ever heard. It was going to be for me. Well, she was chastising me in front of the group. She was calling me a big baby. But she did it in a feminine way. She also said, “We’ve all done that.” She was rescuing me and correcting me at the same time. She was like those nurses that give you shots: “This is going to hurt, but it’s going to help you, also.” So it got through my defenses. It got to my psychic. She wasn’t saying it in a hateful manner. She was looking right at me as she said it. She was sitting right next to me. I’m looking back at her, stunned, and in front of the group, but reading the st
ern but understanding look in her eyes, which said, ""Take this shot."" Now, as I’ve said before, I don’t know if she was an angel or what. And as they also say, one person can make a difference. She made a difference. After that, I never felt sorry for myself again. Whenever I tried, I saw that woman’s face, and I heard her voice, and the baby that had been in me was not there. There was no reward for that, only a woman who I respected more than my mother cautioning me. So I grew up that evening. And it has helped immensely. And then you said, “Also I’d like to point out that the therapeutic part of this site is that I am able to know I am not alone, along with being able to talk about my life. Again, thank you all for sharing.” So I felt you didn’t want advice you wanted some stories. But I wanted to add a word of caution for that, so I said, ““Here of late, I haven’t gone that far back into my past, my childhood. It might be because of a woman who gave me some advice at an Al-Anon meeti
ng, which I want to tell you about later, but you said it was therapeutic to know that you are not alone, “along with being able to talk about my life.” So that’s the story of the woman at the Al-Anon meeting."
175992167,"It's awful, yes. Thank god I see them monday."
175992168,"I also have tinnitus. I find that background noise is the best solution. I run a fan at night which cuts the noise so I can sleep. During the day I just leave the tv on if I am home. I have gone to the drs, both primary care and ear, nose and throat dr but there really is nothing they can do. I think medications are the cause of my tinnitus. I am sorry you are going through this. It seems a right of passage for the aging."
175992169,Know the feeling!
175992170,Scooter monday. _PERSON_ no dramas. HT
175992171,Omg thats terrible!
175992172,It might not be as unusual as you think it is. I used to sit laughing out loud to myself when I used to smoke weed. I could be doing it for hours as far as I was concerned and then all of a sudden I'd snap out of it. Never really thought twice about it at the time but if anyone was watching me through a secret window I reckon I would have been certified.
175992173,I think I’m going to get some _NAME_’s Day candy for myself
175992174,"Please read my first post , your answer is there ,then please come and give me solutions"
175992175,"I really appreciate you writing this. It's like you are describing my situation verbatim. It's like one massive cruel joke being played on you. The only difference is the intention is morbid such as inducing suicide. I know it for a fact it's not just your typical run of the mill bullying. They do intend to drive you to suicide or get you locked up. I unlike you accepted what was happening to me pretty early on. Well, not accepted but knew what was happening. I wasn't on the fence about any of it. I knew I was being conspired on which made it a hard blow to bear."
175992176,"I was supposed to have coffee tonight with a friend but she bailed on me. She had a good reason, but still kind of stinks. I was looking forward to it. I might have to ask my Mom if we can go out and do something because I'm kind of triggered (by my own stuff, not stuff on PC). I think being ""out"" and ""about"" would be good instead of being inside and cooped up. Especially because I tend to hibernate in my room."
175992177,"_PERSON_, I am so sorry that you are not happy with your new living situation. It is so important to have your home feel like a safe haven to come back to after being out in a world that can be very stressful. I think if you know in your gut that you will never feel comfortable in your current place then perhaps losing some money due to a broken lease might be worth the quality of life that you gain in moving back to your old apartment. Find out if this is even an option, then make a spread sheet of the cost and see if it's feasible. If not, then perhaps putting a bit away each month with the intention of eventually getting out and into another place may be enough to build hope in that you will not be there forever. Best wishes and keep us updated so we can keep you in support. S.C."
175992178,That sucks. I hope your luck turns around. (Mine too).
175992179,"Apparently but I don't know who or why. I'm going crazy here. Haven't had a vape in about 10 days, and confined to my third of the room. I read everyone's posts but I don't remember."
175992180,Prescsription.
175992181,Any changes in lighting? I changed a light bulb and now my place is much brighter but I was having issues sleeping. Also the sun is coming out more here right now.
175992182,"TMO, I am sorry this happened. I understand how it feels to know that a thought isn't rational...yet still struggle with not worrying about it. If you are still experiencing the worries (or for future reference), check out our Therapy Worksheet downloads. They will take you through the process of combating fearful/negative thoughts. Hope you are feeling better soon! S.C."
175992183,"I want to go to a rave. I want to go to 100 raves. Or a commune. That's where I belong. With hippies. That's where I shall die. In a trip. I want to make people feel better. I want to be the sun. Leo. I want to heal pain and stop people from causing pain. I want people to be who they are, scientific, art or free to have any religion or idea. I want the drug war to be over and homeless people to have homes. I want people to feel at home and not have a broken home. I want people to have hope and to rejoice people. I've helped so many suicidal people online when I was a teenager. They just needed someone to talk to. Someone that cares. I want to be like _PERSON_ and go to Mars, find the cure to all cancers and laugh until I cry."
175992184,I had a horrible panic attack
175992185,_PERSON_ is on my Amazon Prime Music thing
175992186,_AT_MENTION_ psychotic I tend to be more symptomatic come night time.
175992187,"I tried that. But when she accuses me of things that I didn’t say or do?!?!? I’m sorry, I cannot admit to something that I didn’t say or do."
175992188,I feel you...I've always been something of a loner...I was almost held back in Kindergarten because I liked to play by myself and had poor social skills...had a group of friend in high school up until the end of 10th grade when all my friends decided that they didn't want to hang out with my anymore because I was too depressing...in college I didn't want to be around anyone...after all that I've found it hard to communicate with people because I have little to nothing in common with them...sometimes I feel that I am better off alone because socializing takes a lot more effort for me than being alone does...but then I get depressed and miss having a girlfriend to hold at night...it's hard.
175992189,"Salmonella is pretty awful from what I hear, though it will get you some time off work."
175992190,"I'm still sick, might not go to group tomorrow. I feel kinda disconnected from reality, in a dissociative way. Maybe my grandma getting home will help with that."
175992191,I'm sorry.
175992192,"Possible trigger: I talked to my psych. She increased one of my APs. I almost started crying on the phone, I just feel like I'm crazy and I asked her if she thinks I'm crazy and she said no but I know I am, I started crying as soon as I hung up"
175992193,"I'll post one tomorrow, I'll have to take it with my digital camera because my phone is out of data so I can't upload a pic with that right now"
175992194,Today will be a mostly manic-ish day cuz I altered my neurotransmitters slightly. Waking up before 11am to go on a hike was way too hard cuz I woke up at 7am the past two days for work. I'm going for a hike at 2:30pm tomorrow instead.
175992195,Thank you _PERSON_!
175992196,Yes lol...and your strawberry shortcake looks delicious!
175992197,Iced Tea....
175992198,"Just finished making devil eggs... hams in the oven. Making _NAME_ pie. We got pumpkin pie... stuffing... pasta salad. Kings Hawaiian buns, baked beans possible sweet corn bread."
175992199,"I took the same low dose of xanax for several years (.5 mg), never once increased it or abused it, never asked for more than that. My doctor's office closed and the new family doctor would only prescribe Klonopin which did nothing for me....didn't even help me sleep unless I took double the dose. She sent me to a psychiatrist and the psych lady also would only give me klonopin. She gave me 1.5 month's worth of my xanax and would not give me any more. It is absolutely ridiculous. Now I've been hanging on to that last script since last May. I have about 8-9 pills left. There are days I was extremely anxious but did not take one because I have so few left and I never want to get below 5. So yeah, do I seem like an addict?! Nope! The doctors are being inhumane and it is absolute BS. I am hoping if I go back to her this spring, she will give me another month's worth since she can look it up in the computer system and see the last script I made last an entire year. I don't ever want to rely on it daily a
gain but I would like to be able to take it once a month or every other month if I need to. I have never shown any signs of addiction to xanax or pain medicine when I've had that (that's another rant I won't get into here...sigh)."
175992200,Was feeling a bit anxious. I took half of a 0.25mg clonazepam. It definitely helped. I only took one benzo this month.
174391495,Appointments went well. My abilify was increased to 15mg
175992201,"I bookmarked that website so I can use it when I'm ready to buy one, a lot of times on amazon when I was looking through reviews of different SD cards I'd find a lot saying they were fake. I don't really know what that means but I'm glad I now have a reputable place to buy them since I don't know much about electronics"
175992202,The _PERSON_ - Hey _NAME_ What's Your Name Again?
175992203,Yeah I’m not sure it’s automated here there is like a counter for it.
175992204,"When I started changing my eating habits I started with small things at a time. Like one month I switched to 2% milk, then at some point fat free. Add some more vegetables and fruit over carbs and red meat, eat more fish and poultry, especially turkey. Maybe switch out one junk food item you generally eat during a week for example like a bag of chips for a piece of fruit and some kind of protein like walnuts. I know that's just a brief description but basically don't make sweeping changes at once and don't cut out all treats. It's okay to have some now and then, depriving yourself will generally backfire to overeating junkfood. There's not really bad food and good food most has a place it's just things need to be balanced and done in moderation. It took me a couple years to change my diet to fairly healthy. I used to eat chips and pastries and pizza, etc tons of it every day. Now I just have some once in awhile. It takes time and patience, weight takes time to come off as well."
175992205,I read a book that I'm reading for a bit. But distraction is escaping. I feel the same way all the time and then life situations push me over the edge. All I do is escape. Idk what else to do. I never feel like I'm enough.
175992206,"Hugs, Des."
175992207,Yes...common is this. Original has the patent and the Generics are the same but the Chemical manufacturing process is different. Seems our neurons understand this... Esp for those who face this conundrum. HT.
175992208,It sounds like you’re primarily experiencing negative emotions....could you be in a depression?
175992209,no not today...
175992210,How do you feel about going to the hospital?
175992211,Making the banana bread pudding....with some minor variations ....hope it comes out ok....
175992212,"Talked to my coworker CFO about one of the supposed delusions, not the hole one, the other one, and she was helpful. Short response from her but helpful. It seems like it's not as strong as it was. Maybe talking about it to several people is like loosening it's hold on me. Is that possible? IDK. trigger for Christianity Possible trigger: all I know is people are praying for me"
174391533,Hi my name is princess _NAME_ and I have three Illnesses illnesses schizophrenia and bipolar aka Schizoaffective and dissociative Identity Disorder the schizophrenia and D.I.D over lap I have 6 alters/imagery friends and that effects my mood a lot im feeling just ok right now but a few days ago I hade mania and felt switch some times Don’t know who out or speaking I am the host though but one of my male alters is close by hope this helps any one have a good day and yes I take meds for them
175992213,"I'm glad I had checked the dosage and whatnot before taking it, if I just had took it without checking to make sure I would have been taking 400mg of wellbutrin a day (from 150mg) and that would have probably been very bad. It was frustrating trying to get clarification but at least I did. So now I'll be taking one 200mg tablet in the morning"
175992214,"Hi _NAME_, I pretty much have all kinds of gastro issues, bloating and all sorts. Randomly appearing. Causing all sorts of anxiety at anytime of the day. I tried omeprazole but that just solved the bloating. But i got off it, and I guess it's still causing havoc. take a deep breath, use some coping techniques. And know you're not the only one with such issues. Other than that, i use meditation to slow my mind. Take care. Well wishes! More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health Coping With Holiday Anxiety"
175992215,"Plus the apartments are indoor, like as in how rooms in a hotel are, so there's not random people walking around the street or anything. Where I am now when I open my door I'm outside"
175992216,I dont think so. I gotta goto work... but I'm wondering if it's either my period or constipation. I looked it up and it said if its appendicitis I would have other symptoms like nausea and I dont.
175992217,"Wonder where falcon is , hope they're alright"
175992218,"No I haven't had coffee for 5 or more days, stopped drinking it except on special occasions. But yeah, the thought is a recurring one about worrying about my apartment not being clean enough. It's like I have OCD or something. I get severe panic attacks with disassociation just from seeing something that's not right or clean enough in my opinion. Even though according to other people my apartment is in great condition"
175992219,"Hey _PERSON_, in the past I had all of your exact same symptoms. I probably had them severely for 2-3 years before I figured out the cause. I am 30 years old now so I feel like I can really relate to you. Once I figured out the cause I honestly felt better. I traced my anxiety and other issues back to my adverse childhood experiences, also known as childhood trauma. A lot of people who suffer from paralyzing anxiety have it because of their adverse childhood experiences. If you have experienced trauma as a child like psychological Or physical abuse, Emotional neglect, witnessing violence, Parent with an alcohol or drug problem, incarceration, anything like this let me know and I can explain more and help you finally get relief from your anxiety. I literally cured myself from anxiety that I thought was going to kill me. I did it by Educating myself about my anxiety and what I call “rewiring my brain” with CBT and exercise. Let me know. I hope u feel better!"
175992220,Ugh my teeth are in such bad shape from when I used to binge on sweets and purge. They'll probably fall out by time I'm 30
175992221,I'm so happy and positive person =[ =p
175992222,"I just want to know everything about everything.. But in order to do that, I have to focus on one thing, learn about that thing, and then move onto another thing.. But I can't... My mind is way too open.. So open that I think it's broken.. Yet so aware of everything, taking it all into consideration.. Never judgemental or biased much.. So I realize that everything is perfect the way it is. Narcissistic people are perfect. They're one with themselves, going somewhere.. changing with what they're holding onto.."
175992223,"Some things I do to calm down are: Put an ice pack on the back of your head. This will cool down your brain and reduce activity in your limbic system, where emotions happen. Do a task with simple, clear steps. I like baking. I follow the recipe, and it’s easy enough that I don’t get frustrated, but it requires enough concentration that I don’t have room to think about other things. Cleaning also helps. Engage your five senses. This will remind you what is real and what isn’t. Listen to soothing music. Smell something pleasant, like an essential oil. Suck on a hard candy. Look at pictures of things you enjoy. Feel something with an interesting texture, like a piece of Velcro or a stress ball. Try to levitate something with your mind. You obviously won’t succeed, but it gets you to focus all of your attention on a single point outside your body, instead of on your thoughts. I like to use this on airplanes or in public places, because it doesn’t require you to move at all. It looks like yo
u’re just daydreaming to observers. Listen to a guided meditation recording Student Wellness Center – 11 Jun 18 Guided Audio Recordings"
175992224,I do like burritos though so it works lol
175992225,"Maybe that’s why I can’t sleep... My friend committed suicide 7 years ago...right around this time I believe. She was one of my internet sisters. drove from the gun shop to a hotel, rented a room, made a drink, and well...you get the picture Never recovered from her husband’s death. Even her kids couldn’t fill that hole . **** I miss her."
175992226,"Feeling more relaxed with chamomile tea and a 5mg olanzepine. I'm gonna ask the pharmacy tomorrow to give me the little yellow sublingual ones. I could get fat. Who knows. Anyways, I did absolutely nothing today but chores, waking up, self hygiene, talking to online friends and listening to music. Tomorrow I'll try harder. I have about an hour before the Vyvanse wears off so I should do something productive right now.. It's just hard cuz I procrastinate so hard. People visited today and it was all drama. Why can't philosophers like Job come by and we can discuss the depths of reality over drinks? Idk.."
175992227,"exhausted but wired is how I felt during my hypomanic episodes, like I was still tired but full of energy at the same time, if that makes sense. Hope you can get some good sleep tonight"
175992228,Give it a go. Trial n error brings about the best med and mental health results. And yep changing meds is common these days. Keep . Ya being proactive...good on ya. HT
175992229,no. not today. did yesterday though
175992230,Just did 15 minutes of yoga to try and help a panic attack
175992231,Or maybe once every two weeks is just enough
175992232,I had French bread pizza for dinner
175992233,I'm about to put mine on and make some tea
175992234,I am fully vaccinated. I stood in line for an hour the first Pfizer shot .
175992235,"Macaroni and cheese and wine sounds great! I’m glad your trying to think positive _PERSON_, it can often be difficult"
175992236,Finished a book today. Still gonna read more later out of the other book I'm reading. Caffeine is kicking in ?
175992237,"Hi _PERSON_, welcome back it's been long time <3 I think that it can also be related to vitamin D if you are deficient. I don't know what low WBC count means but if it's showing a lowered immunity, then yes it can be related to low serum vitamin D levels. I totally know how you feel, our minds tend to have catastrophic thoughts as fast as possible. Doctor saying that as a possibility doesn't mean that it ""is"". And you had a reason to lose weight, right? You tried to lose weight, it didn't happen by itself Stay in now, take care."
175992238,I made a grilled cheese sandwich yesterday & had an avocado on crackers. I enjoyed them very much. I wasn't eating much lately so I was really hungry yesterday. This morning I enjoyed some coffee & listening to music. I would like to go do some errands today. I hope I do. And I hope you all have a really nice day.
175992239,"Idk. My dad grew up on a farm in Mississippi too. Did everything from milking cows to cleaning chickens. To picking cotton and other stuff. He made his first go kart from scratch at 9 years old and built his first radio from scratch literally too around that time. He knows how to fix everything u said and more. He built chip boards for products for nasa and Apple and other big companies. He was the top engineer at his company for decades in his position. Even helping out other engineers in other positions. He scored the highest on the company math test earning him the highest engineer position in his field at the company. He was an amateur boxer in _NAME_. He plays multiple instruments extremely well and I’m trying to get him to make a CD even. Been trying to. He was a private investigator for his tech company he worked for, for awhile too. He know legal stuff like the back of his hand. He knows how to run real estate, he own multiple houses. Both my parents do on that front. I mean I can go on a
nd on about him. He has multiple accomplishments under his belt including activism. He went to Washington DC and _NAME_ multiple times to do it. I mean. I. Can. Go. On. Me? I’m good at a lot than most people but not as good as him. I’m trying to be."
175992240,I kinda did the same thing. Bought a book day before yesterday and a Fitbit yesterday but I feel very confident in my purchases and have no regrets.
175992241,_PERSON_ Park - Hands Held High
175992242,Thanks for the new roll call. I can't connect to posts 1 thru 10 for some reason.
175992243,He has pancreatitis and got upset when I made him call a nurse. He was having hallucinations and my ‘overreaction’ (still do not believe I was) we’re what set him back. My mother I think believes I should be able to just snap my fingers and get over issues. Being an introvert I don’t really have friends. In fact reaching out to people like this is a first for me. We did get some good news though. My husband will be coming home Friday. I know I should be ecstatic and I am truly thrilled but there is still this empty pit inside of my chest that refuses to dissipate. I have also done another first and reached out to a crisis hotline. I know I have people who depend on me and I can’t be there for anyone if I don’t find a way to move past this emotional pain or at the very least find a way to cope that isn’t harmful. I’ve found some things that work but it’s (as far as I can tell) impossible to distract myself 24/7. Nor do I believe that it’s healthy to do that either.
175992244,"So today, I tried to help my friend. She often confesses to me about her relation with her actual boyfriend. She told me that he calls her a “b*tch”, a liar and so on, it happens every time they argue. He doesn’t take account of what she says. Every time she comments on his behavior ( for example she tells him that she doesn’t like when he calls her friend by certain names, he turns the situation or when she tells him he’s wrong about simple things in life he won’t accept his wrongs). He’ll always try to turn the situation and make her the bad one. He breaks up with her at least 3 times a week and he always comes back to her and he always tries to get back with her ( she always accepts it because she’s in love with him ). It’s been almost 2 years that they’re together. They haven’t seen each other for 9 months ( they actually in a distance relationship since august 2019 ). She had to go study abroad, they live 20 hours away by plane so it’s mostly during their FaceTime that 
they argue and see each other. She told me that since she’s with him, she has changed, she hates the person she has become. She tells me that she doesn’t have the courage to leave him because she doesn’t want to get hurt. But from my perspective, she’s always hurt, she often calls me at 3 am, crying and drunk. I mostly listen to her because I know she just needs to be listen during those times.So today, she got into an argument and she called me again. she was reminiscing the moment when she was in a happy relationship, with her ex boyfriend. She’s been reminiscing for a week, and she feels lost about her feelings. So I told her, that she should call her ex just to get some news and sort of get to know what she’s feeling at the moment. She did, she said it felt good but she felt guilty of doing it and she’s even more lost. I don’t know if it’s just because she still have feelings or if she’s just remembering the way she felt with her ex. Well now I started to question myself, was it the ri
ght thing to do ? I don’t know if I’m being a great friend... should I try to make her leave her boyfriend or make her realize of how he treats her ?_PERSON_ it makes me sad seeing her this way almost every day. The thing is that when he leaves her, he always comes back and she always goes back with him. What should I do, what should I say ? Because he obviously makes her sad, she’s not happy with him but she loves him. If anyone experiencing the same thing, what should I do or I say?"
175992245,_AT_MENTION_ don't let that person get to you. People say all kinds of nonsense and trash and it doesn't make it true. Don't let that person have power over you by making you feel bad about yourself. We love you here on PC just as you are. _PERSON_
175992246,I’ve never seen a bug here but I’m still scared
175992247,"Also the coffee I've been drinking was Death Wish, and quite a lot everyday. It has like double the caffeine of regular coffee so I'm sure that's been messing with me as well"
174391585,One of my friend's died fo a heroin overdose not too long ago. Lethal drug.
175992248,"I've had 2 good days. My energy came back. I made sure to take care of myself and get plenty of rest. Yesterday was fun. Today, I'm working on chores. I'll relax later on."
175992249,I'm not gonna post here as much as I do. I'm too confused and keep having to take mind rests. I might just stop posting completely. So dont worry.
175992250,Also managed to get a haircut in today.
175992251,"I’m ok, first day back at work....we don’t have to wear masks anymore but I did anyway."
175992252,Scrambled eggs and a roll
175992253,Well I do. I don’t smoke cigarettes at all. He is off and on the cigarettes.
174391557,"I realize that taking two stimulant pills instead of one doesn't really help or make a difference. One is enough.. And then I have to do the rest of the work.. Through finding motivation through inspiration and hard work to get there. It's not as easy as just taking a pill and my life will be better. I've learned that by just now - By about 60%. Or maybe I think that there's something seriously wrong with me when I'm off stimulant medication and when it kicks in, it goes away but what is left is still a void lingering.. Some sort of purpose that I need to fulfill.. But I'm lost. And what makes it so much worse is what those people on the video chat said to me.. That I'm lost - As if that's a bad thing.. The positive is that is helps me to realize that.. Maybe it was some sort of tough love for a stranger.. If it got to me, all the other things in my life that I've went through (Which people tell me is pretty horrific - Yet I don't realize) weren't as bad.. Or most likely it was like picking at my i
dentity FROM all those horrific things that happened and twisting and turning them in my reality.. Pretty much as bad as my bad trip that made dysphoric regular human thinking 100x more dysphoric and twisted and demonic. Innocence is really a good feeling - Being lost until something makes me change? Do we like change? The OCD, the habits, the addiction, the fear.. Then growing up, being told to do things constantly with no support and the lies of religion.. Sure, people can't survive without structure.. I seem to do well.. I think chaos is a structure if you're good at finding patterns.. But it ended up to me not knowing what I know now - In the past, taking all those drugs, hopeless, escaping. I think I had psychosis because I broke.. Now I'm wiser and much more aware.. There's people that are still sleepwalking through life.. They have a career, partner but so what? It's paying for ****** food, ****** relationship full of neglect and no trust involved, putting each other and others down, idk.. And it's eve
n worse with a lot of people.. Broke, crack or cigarette smoking, sunken hole of a life with abuse, toxicity, shallowness, confusing, uneducated problems feeding off of each other and making it all worse and who's in control? _NAME_ (Shroom psychonaut) says no one.. Immune to paranoia and schizophrenia.. I'll choose to believe that. I'm scared. Everyone's scared. People cling to conspiracy theories that end up to be true.. 90 day fiance is something that I don't understand.. I can't improvise in conversations with other people like I can do in my head which is better than my train of thoughts when I write.. It's like listening to a podcast in my head whenever I'm awake.. It's so interesting yet torturous.. It's like ruminating constantly is addicting.. Idk if it's good for my brain. Meditation causes very good physiological changes in the brain.. Which is more compassion, calmness, focus.. I just seem to be the opposite. My mom is the opposite just like me as well. The only time she's ever meditated recently 
was in the breast cancer compassion house.. She said she was worrying about her kids phoning her.. She let go, started worrying, let go, worrying.. Then I phoned her because I hit my head while skiing and thought I had a concussion.. I should tell her that the whole point of meditating is to not think about nothing but exercise the focus muscle.. And I should meditate too.. I've been writing and learning about meditating but while doing so many things ADHDishly.. Maybe the main thing is to meditate so I can focus on the one thing that I should do... But my thought process is ok.. I like it.. I'm addicted to torturing myself.. In order to solve the problem.. The big question.. ""Why?"".. Cuz yknow.. Once Possible trigger: someone is tortured, they start to enjoy the pain.. That's when the person knows he/she has had enough and then kills him/her.. ... If only I could talk like this, I could make podcasts.. I planned to write books one day.. Therapeutic nonsense that people make interesting kind of what it is.. 
And if I absorb more, I can put out more.. But I'm not an old soul and all that odd stuff and just want to eat my cake first.. I'm bad at making goals.. And not only that, I KNOW it. I know what I'm doing to myself - So I'm extremely hard on myself.. And eventually that's how I'll change.. Just people have to be easy on me more than not.. I can't do it myself.. People point things out and that's where I change.. It's like breaking a wrongly formed bone so it can grow back properly.."
175992254,no. making do with perfume today
175992255,Enneagram type 7 is Tweaky maynn
175992256,I love Halloween. The vibes and decor tho only lmao Bb I gotta go and get fiancé that Halloween shirt. He’s obsessed with _NAME_!
175992257,"I follow the print news online so i can choose what I read. Usually, i read stories related to scientific knowledge of Covid. This lessens my anxiety, because I can change my behavior based on knowledge. Like everyone, I am anxious about Covid, but do my best not to obsess about it. And I practice safe behaviors."
175992258,I also feel so lost when I don't have any definite goals.
175992259,Almost there..... Haha
175992260,"I think I should just IGNORE EVERYTHING and learn how to draw. I don't care about anything else. I'm going to block out the world, the bad news on TV and the internet, the environmental disasters, the economy, the brainwashing, the successful people, my responsibilities and just draw. @ Kit, my GABA is less cuz I was taking beta-phenyl-GABA. It will take two weeks for me to go back to normal. I'm thinking of tripping one day soon but I can't bring myself to thinking about doing it because my set and setting is bad. I would love to go to a hippie commune where everyone's tripping and trip with them and talk, maybe one of those places where you get free accommodation if you do work such as feeding cows (Mushrooms grow in the cow pie), watering plants, carrying things, etc.."
175992261,Happy birthday......again lol
175992262,Shopping?
175992263,My friend is having taco bell delivered here. She paid for it. Shes so sweet. I paid for her lunch last time she came.
175992264,I’m 30 days clean from self harm I don’t want to break now. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175992265,Could anyone see if they can access e-cig forums? I'm not having any luck and I'm wondering if I was banned or something.
175992266,"For real! I was scared that _NAME_ was going to bite my Dad. She was digging her claws into me and she was wriggling around like crazy (I also call her noodle because of her ability to do that). I wish there was an easier way, and a less stressful way for the furbabies. I did order from PetSmart a different carrier that I am going to pick up tonight after work. It loads from the top or the side. So I'm hoping that will work better. And tomorrow I'm going to try wrapping a towel around her so she can't see what she is getting into. She will probably still be freaking out but I'm hoping it works. I just want to get her shots and get her microchipped and then get her back home so she can chill. I know it is so stressful for them. I hope when you have to take _NAME_ that it goes well and smoothly. Too bad they don't make a kitty cat xanax or something! Lol! HUGS kit"
175992267,"My sister just got back from the store and brought me the eggs, milk, cereal , protein bars. She said there’s hardly anything left to buy in the grocery stores, no flour, sugar, meat, etc empty shelves. I guess the other day she was in line at the store and someone in front of her bought $800 worth of ground beef"
174391598,"""Psychosis is an umbrella term; it means that an individual has sensory experiences of things that do not exist and/or beliefs with no basis in reality. During a psychotic episode, an individual may experience hallucinations and/or delusions. They may see or hear things that do not exist."" We have definitions for psychosis, schizophrenia, autism, psychedelic trips, ""bad trip"" etc.. But we don't really know what they actually mean. We have an idea of what they mean. Most people know what a car is but they don't know exactly how it works. An engineer or mechanic doesn't even know exactly. Then how are they made right? Well.. in pieces.. some minds control the machine that makes it, the tools, where the pieces are from, what the material is made from.. all together.. and it changes over time.. the software, hardware.. And even if someone did know, their moods change and their thoughts.. so the mental map and physical ideas change with the fabric of time. Reality is just an idea to people. Sometime
s it can cause a ""bad"" feeling to where we try to comprehend how to fix the trip - Which we call life.. Or a dream.. And want to feel better. We interact with people that can make us feel bad - Sometimes even with good intentions or just by accident. No doctor knows the whole human body. You need specialists for the brain, heart, liver, etc... No one mind can understand it all. So we just need to relax and that's why we give hugs to each other. That's all we can do sometimes. We're not crazy. We know more than most people that are stuck, but we are no better and they are no better than us.. Unless it's an idea.. Which is the perception of reality itself to everyone individually."
175992268,Put myself to bed. I’m bickering with my husband. I may be a little in the wrong but man oh man he’s intentionally pushing my buttons. I have a very low tolerance for stupidity. My husband asked me the same dumb *** **** 7 yes 7 times. I said “I don’t know” nicely the first 6... _PERSON_ the 7th time was like an assault on my brain and I snapped. Not mean but I spoke to him as he deserved at that point...like he was dense. Needless to say there were several bad words said and now I’m in bed I just can’t do it. I can’t deal tonight. Like dude seriously...how the **** do you expect me to answer that? It’s not even a legitimate ****ing question. No matter how many times you change up the words it’s the same unanswerable question.... Gaaaaaaaaaaah.
175992269,"Oh thank you! I email her all the time actually I set up an email just for her. The thing is her ""father"" has never been involvedm. He said ""It's not mine"" and told me to get an abortion. So there's no cancelled visits, just a void. I have no clue how to prevent her from feeling abandoned. What do you think? Thank you."
175992270,"I have been thinking about screen writers and how amazing it must be to churn out a masterpiece. Then I thought perhaps they never get to enjoy their masterpiece quite like the viewer does. The whole process of filming, editing, re-takes, special effects, acting, re-locating, organisation...etc.. all the tedium and repetition would certainly cause it to have less impact when it comes to their time to view the edited and polished work."
175992271,Turkey and havarti sandwich and a little _NAME_ strawberry shortcake roll
175992272,Yeah I think I confront it head on. Doing some physical activity continuously is what I have been doing lately that I didn’t do in the past. I think this is what helped me. I used to be too depressed therefore feeling lethargic all the time. But now not anymore. Like in 7 days I only feel tired for 2 days.
175992273,I did much better today with food. Yesterday I ate over 1700 cals. But today under 600.
175992274,"I’m probably annoying with this I think I’ve annoyed my work friends and my family with this already but I’m so excited for school. It’s a lot of work but deep down I’m having fun, really. I’m going to have to switch soon over to studying for my two courses, but for my new courses I’ve already read and made notes for two chapters of Psych 290, read a chapter and made some notes for Comp 200. Figured out what is required of me for each course. They just started yesterday. I hope to get maybe two quizzes and an assignment done over the weekend. I know I shouldn’t push myself I have until end of December to get them done but I just want to do them! I enjoy learning. Plus I plan on registering for three other courses before the end of the year. So I can get my work to pay me back $2,000."
175992275,Got a $50 gift card to Costco from my company today for Christmas.
175992276,Why? Because schizoids cant recover? Or because you cant imagine the possibility?
175992277,"Been replaying Red Dead Redemption 2 and Bloodborne since I'm kinda stuck with no new games to play right now, and no new games really interest me. The online for RDR2 is okay, I'm only level 10 which is kinda sad but I have no one to play with so I'm kinda screwed."
175992278,So I got a quote to both repair and replace my gutters. They are both reasonable. The quote to repair them is obviously cheaper than the replace quote. The cost to replace them will be just shy of $750. I am in a dilemma. New gutters would be nice but repaired gutters would be cheaper. hmmmmm
175992279,I have some ground beef in the freezer but I’m waiting to get cheeseburger helper to use it with. Now I’m hungry
175992280,"Hi there. Just a thought, if you had female problems since very young - this could affect your hormones and could be part of your sadness. You should tell your therapist. The therapist can help you more with that information. I am not a therapist, but I am in graduate school to become one. There are also some great audiobooks and regular books that can help you with understanding anxiety and worrying. I hope this helps and I'm happy to chat if you need to. Stay safe and be well."
175992281,"Iced tea at the moment, but it's donut Friday at work today so I have a donut sitting on my desk waiting to be devoured. Probably will eat it at 9 or 10. Not hungry yet."
175992282,Ugh. Place is such a mess.
175992283,"I have been listening to _NAME_ "" What the World Needs Now is Love Sweet Love."" It's really beautiful."
175992284,"I don't know why I always feel depressed in the morning. I guess it's just that mornings are not fun. Anyway, going to try to do some work today."
174391644,"That's a good approach. I know sometimes when I cuddle with my pets, I feel like I have great companionship. And that helps. I feel a little better this morning. I'm ordering breakfast. I feel like some good comfort food will help me. I'm a little restless. I could use some more sleep too. I might try to do a meditation later this morning."
175992285,"How's your appetite? It really killed mine. As soon as I switched to Geodon, a month later I lost 50lbs. It helped me sleep for a couple months too, but of course that effect stops after awhile. Are you taking it twice a day? I took it in morning and at night. I would fall asleep after taking it in the morning at work, where the woman I work with would take pictures of me passed out. My boss understood thankfully. I hope that goes away for you _PERSON_!"
175992286,"I woke up at 2am, couldnt really sleep. I've got all these idea running through my head, but they are valid, semi-thought through ideas. May be slightly hypomanic, but not enough I dont think to be considered hypomanic. I'm largely just excited about life right now."
175992287,Me and fiance had a dairy queen blizzard for dinner
175992288,I also realized I need to exercise more. I haven't done it in a day or two and I can really feel a difference when I run on the treadmill every day.
175992289,I need to take it easy. I'm always wanting to go forward.. just no stopping.. even while I'm relaxing I have to do something.. I never get bored or run out of things to do.. but sorting important things out.. everything is important.. even sitting still.. but i can't do that.. I don't know what to do.. I'm freaking out.... It's time to freak out because I can't focus. But no.. idk
175992290,Scrambled eggs and an iced black coffee
174391632,Good morning! Saw my therapist and doctor yesterday. Both agreed that my psychosis was getting worse. Therapist wanted me to ask my doc for Clozaril/Clozapine but my doc said he couldn’t prescribe it because he wasn’t part of the REMS organization. (Did some research and apparently you have to pass this REMS test to prescribe clozapine) Instead we decided to retry risperdal. It didn’t work last time I took it but I was only 16.
175992291,"The time has come. I am going to tell my roommate my gripes, and it's either get rid of the mic/camera, or im leaving."
175992292,"Hi Everyone, I actually stumbled here cause I have been trying to get a lot of answers about the way I have been feel whenever any one who is in a relationship with me does not talk to me , I feel so so anxious and depressed , I cry over and over thinking why cant that person just call me , etc etc. And this happens with me over and over , like I know in my head that I can be feeling so depressed about this, its just a fight , but I feel trapped and low. So now I started tracing things back to my childhood, and I realized that I used to cry like crazy when I did not score good marks, when I was not made class leader, when my crush in school did like me back, I used to be so scared of few teachers that I used to pee in bed , I remember my cousin making out with me when I was like 14 , but It was not forceful , I used to be ok in being touched and I used to touch the person back, hence I wont call it any kind of molestation , I had may be one friend in school. So coming back to my present now, its no
t my current partner who does anything , but it is me who feels so miserable if I feel that the other person is trying to get away or move away from me, and I have been feeling overly miserable about things since I was a kid. I want to deal with my emotions so much better, I know past is gone , I have done much more worse things when I was around 25-26, I was just getting into meaningless relationships , and I was doing whole lot of things. I know I can not change any of that, but in my present , I definitely want to deal with my emotions so so much better. I just want to know how? I do meditate , I have become a spiritual person, I want to get married and be in love with a loyal person."
175992293,"Egg noodles with parmesan cheese, salt, butter, and parsely. And spinach salad."
174391662,"I'm just kinda going off how my family is. My uncle was a capital N. My middle brother is as well, and possibly bi-polar. My youngest brother is schizophrenic. I'm schizoid. I think that if I hadn't developed rational empathy and if I had continued to allow myself to be fed the sort of thinking my uncle or brother have, it's entirely possible I could have turned into a cerebral narc. For example in late middle school/early high school you might not have been able to tell the difference with me, as I wasn't very prone to empathy and I was sort of obsessed with being a certain kind of character. That character involved rejecting sex and dealing in logic."
175992294,"When I was in my 50s I felt it was the beginning of it all. I got fibromyalgia in my 40s so I was used to pain. But as we get older, it is normal to have new aches and pains. Arthritis starts to set in and all the wonderful things from getting older. Not that 50s is old, just older. I am in my 60s now. Always something. I agree with HT. No doctor google. That just causes more anxiety. Menopause, can be tough for some, mine was pretty easy. I started early though so it was a long process but the worst part was night sweats. I still get hot flashes now and then. Let her know what she is going through is pretty much normal for her age. I would suggest therapy too. Or to talk to her doctor about hormone replacement if needed. Or something for anxiety. Maybe it is time that she picks up a new interest like HT said, distraction. It does help. I do meditation and mindful breathing. IT helps a lot. Best wishes. Support. Reassurance. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992295,There is nothing love cannot face. We can always expand our hearts. _NAME_
175992296,"I had been looking forward to a week off work at the beach with my family but so many things went wrong and my anxiety really ramped up. I'd already had vacation prep anxiety but then the drive was longer than expected, news stories of shark sightings and flesh eating bacteria, then the house we rented had ""palmetto bugs"" - they are roaches. Big, winged roaches. And it wasn't just a few that flew into the house when the door was left open, the bugs were living in the ceiling. My son and I have a serious phobia. We found them just before going to bed. I didn't sleep at all that night. Stayed up checking on the kids and killing the bugs I saw (only 2, but that was more than enough). We couldn't stay there. We left the next day. We wound up staying at a family friend's house near another beach, which was nice and I did enjoy that, but the anxiety never really settled down. I have had the phantom smell of cigarettes that I get from time to time since leaving beach house #1, which is just awful. I ret
urn to work tomorrow and I'm feeling anxious about that too. Wish I had a vacation post-vacation to get on track!"
175992297,"It does. The main chip runs more efficiently, so it draws less power from the battery, but the battery is exactly the same."
175992298,In a way she’s responsible for your safety so I can see why she’s upset... Sorry about the hallucinations and instability
175992299,"_AT_MENTION_ Do you find yourself creating your 'castle' in surrogate systems, such as computer games etc? Online worlds like Second Life, World of Warcraft, even Minecraft, for example, would appear to fix a lot of the need, as you could literally create your own castle, albeit in pixels."
175992300,I've been watching Dark Shadows for almost a week. I can't stop lol. I hope you're ok!
175992301,My tv is still not working. 3 months of lockdown.
175992302,I took a shower but I gotta clean up too. I don't want to. I still feel the anxiety/depression/exhaustion from everything still. At least I did the kitchen last night. Cleaned I mean.
175992303,"(Just in case yall didnt see this) I feel so out of it. I'm back to not sleeping at night. Fiances dad may not make it. I been thinking about my own dad. I'm scared when he has to go but then I think about all the stuff I have to deal with, with his other children and i want nothing to do with them. They've never been in my life or helped me with nothing. Never so much as really talked to me or gave me the time of day. And I have tried to reach out to them multiple times and either they dont answer their phone or dont text back or whatever. One of them, my half sister, changes her number really often and has a different facebook every month or so. I had like 6 of her profiles added, but I deleted them some time ago. Shes been and continues to be in and out of jail. I see her children smoking pot and drinking on snapchat everyday. My half brother has said some not so nice things about me. I think he was ready to beat me up when I got real sick 5 years ago. I had told him i didnt consider him my brot
her because i dont even know him. Life is just getting bleaker for me. But its depressing because I know it could be worse but this is a low I havent experienced since I was sick. And it's a different kind of low. This depression has me feeling numb. And I'm not sure what to think about my relationship right now so it's hard to be there for fiance with his dad. I just am numb to him because the relationship hasn't been it's best since we moved in. Like it had its ups during this time but the lows really make me think about everything. And I have this job interview coming up and I just am not ready and I almost dont even want it anymore. But then if I dont get it I think I may move back to my dads. Which now feels like an optimistic departure. But at the same time I know I would go downhill. I already know. I'd have to go back to my clinic where I've had problems, a lot of them, with the services, doctors, and therapists. I could get a job yea but the ease of commuting wouldnt be an ease. Id have to go very fa
r. Maybe 30 min to an hour out to work everyday. And just overall, I'd be stuck in that house again and my dad would always be at work, or sleeping on his days off. We would never really do anything together because he would always be busy. So I'd be in my head and probably just let everything fall to the wayside like always. It just really sucks right now. And the worst part is, everyone I've reached out to just doesnt text or call me back. With the exception of my dad, SP, and findingreason. I've only reached out to people I trust and pretty much everyone is so darn busy in their own lives that its inconvenient I guess to lend support. I had even reached out to fiances mom. I cried to her and opened up about my feelings and how to best help fiance through everything and try to better the relationship. _PERSON_ said she said she didnt want to be in the middle of anything and then he said I shouldn't call her again. Which I felt betrayed because I opened up to her. Never said anything about my problems, only 
asked how could I help fiance. But whatever, it's her son. Idc."
175992304,What are the major effects of depression and anxiety?
175992305,"Yeah, at least there are some neighborhoods around here where people have pretty flowers in their garden. Maybe I can just walk around that way and take a look. And of course like you said there’s always pics. I took some nice pics one year at the rose garden. Those are nice to look at."
175992306,Tried a coursera course. My cognition is really bad. I'm really stressed out by what happened last night with my heart and sleep. Also I smoked weed. Probably shouldn't have..
175992307,Have you been dissociating? Could be your PTSD.
175992308,Nice! I think social interaction makes you happy as long as the conversation isn’t toxic. We’re proud of you too
175992309,I'm at my grandparents right now actually. And thank you
175992310,"Good job, Sometimes!"
175992311,I'm having some anxiety. Idk why.
175992312,Took a walk
175992313,"Hey everyone, how are things going? I am mostly good. Anxiety has been a problem as of late due partly to financial crap. But I am pushing through it all. Been unfortunately using Valium quite a bit to handle the panic attacks to handle it. I am still waiting on the one that I may work with for music. Otherwise, I am collaborating with another guy I know in my band activities to make some music to rap to, he's gonna be teaching me how to use OpenMPT as well so I can begin composing too. I am excited about all this. I have also been having absolute hell with my GI tract as of late. It is making it very hard at points to leave the house. I will be attempting to go to the health centre tomorrow to make an appointment about this stuff. I need to get on top of it. In other news, an Earth-directed coronal mass ejection happened yesterday. Should arrive by the 15th-16th, giving an _NAME_ show. We had a small CME arrive yesterday and it gave some activity in the northern regions but nothing too spectacular
. The problem is since we're coming into May the sun is around so much we only get nautical twilight to view them in and it makes for a more difficult situation to find them."
175992314,I had an eggnog latte and a chocolate croissant for breakfast from Starbucks.
175992315,Had some hot chocolate a bit ago.
175992316,I’m proud of you for all of the above
175992318,"I just want to hunker down and write my novel already. Instead of that, I'm just worrying. I wrote a lot today though."
175992319,I think I'm about ready to cry right now. We're all going to die.
175992320,It whistled a bit!!!
175992321,Deep breathing. Xanax.
175992322,So much for staying away from sweets lol I just made these chocolate chip blondies Chocolate Chip Blondies - Easy Recipe! - _NAME_(R)
175992323,I'm such a screw up. I can't even do basic things like keep my apartment clean or take a shower.
175992324,That's nice news!
175992325,Sounds like you might be a bit depressed. Losing interest on hobbies. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175992326,"I swear the Vyvanse really helps with flu/cold like symptoms. I had a cold for one morning and then the Vyvanse kicked in and it was gone... I know psuedoephedrine is used for colds but what about desoxyephedrine (Meth)? Would it help with the coronavirus? I'm sure it would.. It increases heart rate for more oxygen and constricts nasal vessels.. I better stock up for my family.. Give them low doses of crystally stim.. Anyways, my dad might not go back to Mexico to work because he's not sure if he'll be able to get back into Canada..."
175992327,"Not to discourage you, you might have better luck but my pdoc was all if you have recurring psychosis you’ve got to stay on the AP forever even though I was all hey if we cure the mood swings well I won’t get psychosis right? So yeah don’t go off."
175992328,Not drinking as much either. I havent drank a lot in like months. Since april. I only drank hard in april. Like a lot of alcohol. Nowadays I only have a shot of liquor and 1 beer. And that's usually on my days off. So the weekend. And it's only after 5 or 6pm. Really proud of myself.
175992329,"I've been living with severe depression for over half my life now (almost 25 years). It runs in my family; my grandfather has had it, my mother has it, my brother has it, numerous relatives across numerous generations on both side of my family has or has had it. Prior to my mother, most of the family has turned to alcohol to deal with the many aspects of living with depression. Mom doesn't drink. Neither do my brother and I. We also truly seem to be a family of loners for the most part. Some are not, like an uncle on one side and an aunt on the other, but the rest of us...it never seems like we have many friends. Across the generations, the family has broken apart, and now I have my mom, my brother, his wife, and their two daughters, as well as occasionally my father and step-mother when they remember we exist. I have a good job. I have a family that loves me and supports me. I even understand that depression is something that is a part of me and while I cannot make it go away, I also cannot let it 
rule my life. What I lack is friends. And I don't know how to make friends. People I try to make friends with always use me and I can hurt. How does one find friends?"
175992330,Maybe we should ask the mods to look into it.
175992331,"For chest pain, I take 1 mg of Ativan tranquilizer. I almost get into an argument with my cardiologist over that. She declares, it's not a heart problem if Ativan stops the chest pain, that something like Nitroglycerin is supposed to work with true heart pain problems. But I'm telling you, the chest pain can get so bad, it can almost put me on the floor, if it got any worse. So I take an Ativan and the chest pain goes away. Also, when I do exercise like yard work, that night when I lay down to go to sleep, the chest pain is such that I can't go to sleep until I take an Ativan. The next night, I take my regular three 1 mg. of Melatonin from the health food store, also sold in grocery stores in some cases, and I go to sleep without the Ativan. You don't want to get hooked on Ativan. It can be and is addictive. My psychiatrist prescribes it for me. I just take it in extreme situations. Also, I find a heating pad helps my chest pain, so you might want to try that, also. It expands the blood vessels in 
and around the heart. My heating pad is plugged into the wall by my bed, so all I have to do is cut it on when I need it."
175992332,"I hear you! It sucks for me when I can't get through to my treatment team, either. Also, I am currently working on how to be honest with my pdoc while still getting optimal results. Right now I feel much better. That was after taking the olanzapine. I also feel like I need a daily anxiety medicine like Xanax XR again. That's just because I've been so on-edge lately. I can't even do my job! Before I thought that lowering dosages of things would help me. But I honestly don't feel like that's the case based on what happened today in wanting to drop out of grad school again. I get these overwhelming thoughts and feelings and it does not feel good. I just have to learn to live with the fact that I need a certain dosage of meds and I need olanzapine and Xanax XR to function. All the other meds are not as necessary. Also, I probably shouldn't have, but I took a bunch of multivitamin gummies. They just tasted so dang good. Does anyone feel like they cannot focus? I sometimes think I cannot focus with Xanax 
and Zyprexa on board, but it's weird. Because sometimes I focus better with those meds. I wish I just had endless focus. I want to read a lot and stuff. I also sometimes feel like going down on meds is counterproductive. Case in point: when I wanted to drop out of grad school today. So what I've learned is I need Zyprexa and Xanax XR. Anyway, this is kind of my ongoing journal. Forgive me for the long post. I am so conflicted now. I think I need a lower dose of things. I just cannot make up my mind properly. Why can't I stick to anything???"
175992333,I'll give you guys them tomorrow
175992334,I'm playing _PERSON_ and I decided to do all the side quests before I do one of the final missions which includes a sit down of all the jarls and whoever else.
175992335,Thank you!
175992336,Another long boring day at work and then two long boring days not at work and then a long boring day at work and then two long boring days not at work. Sigh. This is my life!
175992337,Besides it being Donut Friday at work today we also had free hotdogs/hot links and chips for lunch today at work. Free food!
175992338,"Thanks, yeah it's scary. I took a klonopin and am drinking some chamomile tea now"
175992339,"How are you feeling today A_F? Has your heart settled? What is wave inversion. I have a murmur. Have you ever tried breathing exercises when you get anxiety? They calm you down plus slow down your heart rate and breathing. Try in through the nose and out through the mouth with pursed lips. It is called smelling the roses and blowing out the candles. Do it 10 to 20 times and then see if your pulse has slowed down. In my opinion, worrying about your blood pressure and pulse will only make both of them go up. If you were to have a heart attack, there wouldn't be a lot you would be capable of to stop it other than calling EMS. So I think prevention is the best cure. Find ways to live your life to lower your risk factor. Stress and worry can be killers. So try to not worry so much. Life is short, live it. Try not to worry about the future and past and live in the present. I understand that the first thread on the anxiety forum is the resource thread. It might do you good to take a look if you haven't al
ready. Have a good day A_F... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992340,"That's my favorite dinner. There's nothing better than a good chili recipe. My mom use to ask me what I wanted for my birthday, and every time it was chili."
175992341,"_PERSON_ Cat said... Hi TMo, Can you pinpoint your worries? Is it the expense, or that the problem is going to be bigger than first imagined? Is it simply having people out to your house? Maybe a bit of all of these? You have done a great job on proactively getting the help set up that you need. Now it is just a matter of the second phase of getting this finished. Keep using your positive mantras to get you through tomorrow's appointment. Try and envision a quick and easy fix to your problem, and rework any worries/negative thoughts with Therapy Worksheets (in our Resources) Let us know how it is going tomorrow so we can keep you in support! S.C. It is more of an issue of the cost. It shouldn't be much because it is not that serious of a leak but then again i don't know. A person came this morning and inspected my attic and said it wasn;t what they initially it was which is good because it should be less work. I am just waiting for them to call me back and tell me the estimate. I will probably ques
tion it if I deem it is too high. One thing I hate is uncertainty."
174391733,I am probably more right brain than the left brain.
175992342,"Yep, Texas."
175992343,"This is a update I’m doing well thanks for asking two of alters integrated witch means gone and a new one was formed that meens 8, hope your doing well to therapy has helped me control my voices by a lot I have been going for 6 years and taking the same meds for 6 years almost 7 years"
175992344,"I had a dream last night where I had this fantastic job making lots of money and was in charge of people. See where my mind is at. I did a mock exam last night for my psych course without studying and oh boy, I need to study. I know where my weak spots are."
174391718,"Good find. It was a rough estimate. However, you are free to enlighten us. Yeah some of those “schizoid” killers fell short of the Schizoid Personality Disorder proper. Okay, but do you have an actual critic to formulate? To be more specific, Dr. Stone studied the biographies of serial killers and concluded half were schizoid or loners with mostly schizoid traits . True, the prototypical schizoid is anhedonic, but I don’t see murder and torture counting as “most activities”. The higher a serial killer ranks on the Scale of Evil, the most likely he is to have paraphilias, mainly due to the presence of sexual sadism in the “Most Evil” cases I guess. Personality disorders come and go, it doesn’t mean they stop being relevant. If serial murder and torture isn’t enough to warrant the “antisocial” and “sadistic” labels, then nothing is; but instead, lo and behold, it’s the normal people in their every day life that you view as evil… Talk about turning the screw on its head. 
I don’t know where you saw borderline personality being a lot more co-morbid than schizoid. From my incomplete knowledge, I only know about Russian _PERSON_, but how much can you trust a Soviet Union diagnosis? Then there’s _NAME_, who some psychiatrists have diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic, while others as borderline schizophrenic (an old term for BPD and schizotypal) or even schizoaffective, but he may have been borderline. One of these psychiatrist who interviewed him several times said his personality was too complex to be “psychopathic” (read: narcissistic), which could reflect the fragmented self in Borderline Personality Disorder. _PERSON_ himself claimed he had DID, which resemble the rapid mood swings of borderlines and their splitting of identity. Schizoid use splitting just as much, but being introverted, they don’t necessarily externalize it. If you are so keen on learning, why don’t you do your own research?"
175992345,"Hi ghost!! Welcome back! Thanks for sharing the things that you have been working on and have found helpful. I know you are coming from a place of experience, as one who has come so far and made tons of progress along the journey. I have heard of the Abundance Prayer, but will look it up again as I can't recall it fully, Gratitude is an amazing tool that we have to help reduce anxiety and increase our feelings of contentment. One doctor who wrote a best seller on self help for anxiety even went so far as to say that we gratitude and anxiety can't coexist in the same space, so there is definitely a lesson there! As far as the overthinking and resulting trouble you had with speaking goes...been there! I too excel at communication as it is a major component to my vocation...but if I get in my own way (in my head) then I can get tripped up as well. It happens. Keep up the great work with your management and don't be a stranger! S.C."
174391731,You do have Bipolar but it's separate from your Psychotic disorder?
175992346,"And has the change of time of when you take your Zoloft in the morning helped you sleep better as well as later in the morning, _PERSON_?"
175992347,Decaf coffee
175992348,"lol seriously, I don’t get the mindset myself. I’m as INTJ as they come and yep, it’s no wonder psychiatrists and I just don’t get along. Well, that and INTJs kind of get stereotyped as being jerks for a reason. I can be a jerk ... towards authority figures mostly."
175992349,I'm actually bored after work. I dont know what that's supposed to mean. Either I'm not doing enough to keep myself busy or I'm not engaged enough in stuff I'm already doing.
175992350,Do y’all wanna hear the mystery story?
175992351,"My cat has blood in her urine Tomorrow morning ill call the cat clinic and see what I should do, whether to take her in or just get meds. Roommate said its probably just a UTI. This is the first problem I've had with her. She seems like shes doing fine from the outside."
175992352,"Hey _PERSON_, This says “allergies” to me. Obviously not a doctor, but sometimes I deal with similar sensations. The more I think about them the more I flip ?. I’m sure this will pass in no time ?"
175992353,Not today. Maybe tonight or for sure tomorrow.
175992354,Yeah SP that's one of the ones people are telling me is a delusion. IDK. It feels real.
175992355,Feeling better today.
175992356,I’m learning about pigments in paints. They said the finest blue paint is made of Lapis Lazuli. The lightfastness (permanency) can last to 100 years. I hope one day my painting is good enough to deserve this kind of paint
175992357,Invega injection kicking in. Sucks.. But I'll be better soon.
175992358,Does seem like borderline personality disorder. And it seems some key criteria is clearly being evidenced. Yes abuse survivors are very prone to developing this debilitating disorder. I have recovered from this disorder...many yrs of DBT. medication and. DBT...dialetical behaviour therapy is intense and hard work....so when readiness and some stabilization happens it is what i recommend. I did it in a psycho social live in program. Your compassion is strong. It does takw it's toll. The turtle sends ya many healing prayers. May the session be very productive. Keep strong and posting. HT.
175992359,"Thanks for these posts. I always blamed my negative behaviors on my illness. I don't know now. Maybe I was a bad brother. It is a tough row sometimes. I would like to have a dog like a dacschund. And I would like someone to care for it--the difficult aspects. So I can dream. I am trying to rebuild bridges of communication. People don't get it, often, in my opinion. It is a struggle for me to communicate with people, and many people have options of finding another friends who live with less problems than I have. thanks for sharing. Best wishes sincerely, ""D."""
175992360,Check for arthritis and burs. Osteophytes x 2 and soft spinal cord in neck i got. Osteophytes people get a bit of. Keep HT
175992361,Might get a bar or 2 of dark chocolate just to have around the house to have a square of once in awhile when I need to boost my mood
175992362,I totally love Bond. I have almost all of the movies. I love _NAME_. I love _PERSON_. I like all of them but _NAME_ is my favorite I think. I love him so much!!!
175992363,"Yup, just did. Sort of an odd time to do it. But it’s done ?"
175992364,Is it really already almost Monday again? Seems crazy.
175992365,What is a paleta?
175992366,Hi _NAME_ & HT I heard this Social Distancing will probably go on until a vaccine has been developed which they think will be the beginning of next year as for the lockdown I think that will go on for a leat another month. Stay safe folks. _PERSON_
175992367,I downloaded Pokémon Go on my phone and this tomagotchi app
175992368,That's a tough one. You weren't struggling before when you were taking your medication. And if you continue to struggle with focus at work or school it could have negative consequences. Do you have a therapist you can talk to? Someone who doesn't give you medication but has input into how you are doing? Or a case manager? I know you feel that it is poison but why did it suddenly become poison? It wasn't before. HUGS I am sorry this is all so confusing. It is hard to sort out that is for sure. Just know we are all behind you 100% and are rooting for you to be well. _PERSON_
175992369,What is fear?
175992370,"Life dealt us a **** hand. It's not our fault our health has put a cap on our real potential in certain areas of our life. But really, how can we enjoy the sweetness of life without the bitter? The downs helps to make the ups just so much better. What's sad to me is when celebrity's children--who have been given everything we could only dream of--but they resort to drugs and alcohol and dwell on a hole inside themselves. In my experience, lifetime winners aren't up to the task many times because they don't have something dark like depression, guilt, shame, or fear to prod them on to better themselves. I'm sure they have some of these negative experiences but hardly nothing profoundly life altering like we experience day in day out. We are forced to stare into the abyss and forced to understand it, to shed light on it, and we are here trying to work on it. We may never be cured but there's dignity in conquering freedom each day, and supporting those like me when we're own with a hug or thanks or adv
ice, which makes us better prepared to see problems in other so we can help them in ways others can't."
175992371,Snowed here!!!
175992372,I’m not suicidal I’m just freaking out
175992373,_AT_MENTION_ just because
175992374,He could have brought his damn guitar. Lol
175992375,"Don’t be embarrassed! Easier said than done, but there’s no reason to be. Quite the opposite. You love and care deeply for your kids, which is amazing and beautiful. I don’t have a lot to offer as I am in deep grief regarding estrangement from my kids - it’s terrible as you know - I just wanted to encourage you a bit and let you know that you’re not alone and that I care. Playing the long game and being hopeful is all we have but the anxiety and grief along the way so rough. One foot in front of the other..."
175992376,"HI Rhan86... Just wanted to welcome you to the anxiety forum. Have you talked to your doctor about this? I hope you get some answers, this seems rather scary. Keep posting as it does help. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175992377,Smoked some weed and it slowed down my brain quite a bit. _PERSON_ my dad just facetimed my sister drunk talking about people dying and he was singing etc.. But he's often drunk lol.
175992378,1) I would miss you terribly you are a ray of sunshine... 2) you’ve got a cat coming soon... 3) if you need hospital please go there....
175992379,"My 31 yo son has all the same conditions. He has basically withdrawn from social connections. He has a girlfriend and he has me. He's estranged from his younger brother. All this hurts me because he's been kicked to the side of life and has stopped fighting to be a part of mainstream society. He also doesn't want to join any online groups and isn't in regular therapy, except to get his meds. I come here because I feel the pain on behalf of my son, and the lack of society's support and help. I can only admire your courage and root for you fighting for health and happiness every single day. While we all struggle with our emotions and moods, your struggles are more fierce. Others don't understand. They want you to recover, as if from a bad flu. I guess I'd be honest with those you care about, but be patient and try to forgive them for their discomfort."
175992380,"Hey everyone, my name is _NAME_ and I am currently in grad school but ever since the pandemic started, I have had such bad anxiety and have experienced 4 panic attacks for the first time in my life. On top of that, I live alone so when these happen, I feel absolutely helpless. I had one just this past week and now I can’t stop thinking about it and am living in constant fear it’s going to happen again. I feel like I have to focus on my breathing at all times or I’ll lose control and I always have ice next to me before I go to sleep. It’s exhausting. It makes me feel like something is genuinely wrong with me and I’m too scared to tell people close to me because what if something is actually wrong. I don’t know. I just keep googling and googling how to make it stop and nothing is working. It makes me wish I had a nurse or something watching over me. How can I deal with this better? How can I make it stop? Please help me, it’s affecting my schoolwork as school has started up again and I
m afraid it’s only going to get worse."
175992381,"It’s possible. Going back to being financially unstable but I have absolutely no regrets buying that VR headset. It has cheered me up in ways I didn’t know existed. I seemed to get sad last night when it seemed like my dad may have been drinking when I called him. And this morning too but it was most likely he was just tired this morning. Idk about last night. And then _NAME_ must’ve gotten annoyed with me last night and snapped at me when I asked him to repeat himself. I can’t help that I can’t hear well anymore. I need my ears cleaned. It’s weird, I can hear certain sounds from the next room but not when people mumble."
175992382,3 days into my healthy diet and I had a Big Mac combo
175992383,"I took the dose increase of Trilafon yesterday, no problems, today I'm starting the dose increase of metformin. So instead of 500mg metformin just in the morning I'll be taking another 500mg in the evenings And I turned in the paperwork for getting the cat, will find out if it's approved in the next couple weeks"
175992384,The answers that were given are spot on. The best way to stop doing something is to “stop doing it”! If you have the capacity to work yourself in higher levels of anxiety then you have the same capacity to build yourself up with positive self talk. It takes 18 to 254 days (depending on our own life experiences) to kick or start a habit! The thing is we have got to want it and just stay at it. It can be especially difficult to speak positive feedback to ourselves when we are feeling overwhelmed and no where even close to positive. Best wishes to you Nanette Depression/Asperger Spectrum/ADHD/Anxiety (Recent bipolar diagnosis)
175992385,"I finally got to talk to my relative today, because the receptionist kindly let me call them back long distance. So my phone bill was finally paid and I heard from my friend too, but it doesn't explain why he ignored me for a week and a half. Anyway, I have a Coke and my nightly yogurt so I'm all set to have a nice evening. And if I start feeling sick I'll take two Ativan without guilt. I'm wondering if I should try sending cash to my relative to pay back the phone bill."
175992386,And it could just be a muscle twitch. No more google on it! It will just peak ya anxiety. I get twitches all the time...just a bodily function. Do some slow deep breathing... In thru nose....deep to belly and slowly release by pursing lips and out. Repeat a few times. HT.
175992387,I’m the same way
175992388,"I haven't been manic in many years. However, when I was, I had a lot of ideas that would go through my mind, I liked to talk too much, and I knew I was unwell emotionally. Most people would rather be manic than be depressed. But not me."
175992389,I hope you have a wonderful time with your friend today _NAME_
175992390,"I have a thought for you on this question _PERSON_. I've watched you taking some positive cues from your own experience and faith and others on here recently and be so very strong for those reaching out for help, and that as I've told you already has been impressive to watch as you are quite a relatively young lady beyond your years, but aside from the materially obvious reasons you explain (notice I could use the word ""point"" [out] here instead), I think perhaps there's more symbolic messaging in what you find yourself experiencing these days. Is it possible the visual recurrence of blades and all things sharp morphed with your fears and more morbid types of negatively associative thoughts are being too quickly assessed and have you jumping towards darker conclusions than the imagery warrants? Is it possible you're growing into your higher self more now and these sharp objects may not necessarily be the harbingers of doom you might imagine, but rather that maybe you are cutting ties with part of 
your weaker self so accustomed to look at the sharp elbows of life inwardly as you transform into a sword of kindness like an angel in the throes of battle with demons on behalf of all more now well beyond yourself? I think there are a number of ways to digest the torments you describe in all your bravery while still searching for the ways that best suit you towards attaining mastery over your own self and emotions. Perhaps your hyper-awareness indicates something positive as opposed to the negative. Just some thought for food to chew on. Smile. And there's no rush to figure it all out at once. You are not just loved. You are love. And your friend _NAME_ below offers some fine advice to make effort to breathe. Pause those moments and contemplate. The sharpest object near you at any given moment willb always be your own mind. Stay the course warrior angel. Even the most hardened soldiers of heaven and earth have their moments of doubt. Without the blues, how would one reach for the sky? Loving yourself and hel
ping others is all it's ever all about. Strength, peace, and love. ~ cres"
175992391,"How charming, but could you maybe ease up on the humility just a bit? (although I definitely appreciate your showing your true colors!) Do you actually know anyone who has it or who is related to someone who has died specifically from COVID-19? Not ""maybe"". We're all gonna get sick at some point, and we're all gonna die. Hey, my great-aunt's parents survived a tsunami by clinging to palm trees. Events such as this happen. The illusion that technology will allow us to exempt ourselves from such experiences gives us a false sense of security, which creates opportunities for some to make HUGE amounts of money and make inroads in our personal freedom."
175992392,I understand...some people are selfish
175992393,"I've been mostly off Twitter since I think Saturday. I'm going to use it mostly for announcements for my stories and my blog posts. I need to distance myself from it. I'm just so disappointed in myself that I kind of went off cuff like that. I think she over reacted, but still, It was wrong of me for sure."
175992394,"Hi _NAME_, I totally agree about eating healthy and the caffeine. I drink a lot of coffee. I use to make it 1/3 decaf. For about a year now I have been drinking it straight caffeine and my anxiety is a lot worse. I am going to get a can of decaf and go back to 1/3 decaf. See if that helps. I have known this awhile but it took your post to let it sink in and decide to do something about it. Thank you. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992395,I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die.
175992396,I don't see much reason for a big house and I'm not interested in accumulating stuff. I'd much rather a small house with a good amount of land.
175992397,My mom slept like over 12 hours. That's definitely not normal for her. She has been sleeping only 4-5 hours a night almost her whole life. I'm glad she's getting some sleep. She deserves to rest.
175992398,"So I’ve been pulling out my hair so much and so rough, cuz of anxiety, now my eyelid is bleeding. I pinched it with tweezers."
175992399,Called my mom to check on her. Yet again I’m like “hi just called to say hi” she says “ok” I’m like “ok...well tty another time bye” “bye”.
175992400,"Can y’all tell when you are in an episode of psychosis? Yes, it feels wrong but so true. It gets confusing. I always hear things off meds and deal with bug hallucinations at night."
175992401,I’ve been holding to thoughts for a long time of something that has bothered me for years and I’m finding myself almost bursting wanting to vent somewhere about my identity. You guys are friends. This forum is pretty anonymous. I follow groups online about gender issues and I’ve been honest with them and they totally understand but I feel like I want to spread out. I’m not prepared to be open with my family or with Facebook or anything. I’ve always been confused about my gender identity and I’ve come to realize I don’t feel like any one gender. So I’m finding myself leaning towards non-binary. I’m still me. I’m still fairly femme and I still go by my same name and pronouns so it’s like nothing has changed but I don’t really identify as a woman or a man. Also I don’t feel that I feel sexual attraction and find myself identifying as asexual. So there. I feel you folks are pretty understanding and open and not judgmental so I feel pretty safe. Just like... if you know me on Fa
cebook or Instagram please don’t say anything. Like I said I haven’t said anything on there about this. I’m going to hide now lmao.
175992402,Cheese pizza for lunch
175992403,"Yes, I took my morning meds, but I didn't take my supplements, I'll have to take them when I get home from work or when I take my night meds."
175992404,"Thanks for clarifying. I hope whatever you decide to do, you will be happy. HUGS and know we support you no matter what!!! _PERSON_"
175992405,"Ever since I was involuntary admitted, I was traumatized and humiliated. I feel worse than before I went into the hospital. I feel like there’s no hope for help knowing all they want is my money and to punish me for feeling sad. I don’t know what to do if I feel suicidal in the future knowing nobody cares and they only want to take advantage of me mentally and financially. The only reason I got out of there in less than day is by acting like I was being interrogated by the police, because I knew the minute I went through those pysch ward doors I knew nobody in there cared about me and only wanted to imprison me and take advantage of me. I feel really scared and hopeless, and I really really really fear being kidnapped again by the hospital to the point of crying everyday and seizing up when I drive by hospitals. I have severe phobias for being restrained/detained and of the police/hospitals, is there any facility between our there that really cares about my situation?"
175992406,"Can't wait till next month when I get _NAME_. It will be so nice to have a cat again, I hope she adjusts well."
175992407,I’m going to eat meats on the weekends so it’s more of a flexitarian thing....
175992408,Toast and decaf coffee
175992409,You’ll be ok once he’s home
175992410,Made a new roll call Roll Call 159 - Forums at Psych Central
175992411,Do you think your anxiety got worse lately because _NAME_ is sick? How’s he now?
175992412,We have thunderstorms now and I'm lovin it
175992413,"Oh, I didn't know they were playing golf again. I guess they can socially distance, though, so, maybe that is okay. Yeah, I like basketball, soccer, gymnastics, ice skating, track, and college football. Mostly, NBA basketball and college football. They say the NBA is starting on July 31, but it is in Orlando and Florida COVID is out of control, so, I bet they cancel it before ti starts."
175992414,woke up anxious
175992415,"Hi Gizmofab, I absolutely have a terrible ramp up pf anxiety just before and then during my menstrual period. I am 43. Until recently, like clockwork, on the 3rd and heaviest day of my period I would have a panic attack and felt like I was having a heart attack. I have not had anything confirmed by doctors and certainly have had plenty of trauma in my past which caused/contributes to my c-ptsd/anxiety, but I had never had panic attacks or derealization until I stopped taking birth control (7 years ago) after being on it for years. For me, I feel like it's very likely that they are correlated. Have you looked into any self-care or relaxation techniques to help you through this time? There are lots of resources here. Also, maybe consider talking with a healthcare provider who has a more holistic approach - there may be some supplements or something that could help take the edge off?"
175992416,I'm trying so hard
175992417,"Fiances friends and brother is coming over tomorrow for the fights. I told him I'd make them all some tacos and have some desserts for them. So bought nacho cheese and regular taco shells. Etc. And then chocolate mousse, cupcakes, and _NAME_'s mix for dessert. Bought me some muddy buddies."
175992418,I'm happy you don't have to suffer through those panic attacks anymore. They just make the world feel like it's ending.
175992419,"I'm not diagnosed with it and until now I didn't even know, that it has a name. But I definitely have it. I'm incapable of visually imagining anything. When I close the eyes, I see only black and no amount of thinking and mentally focusing on something can make me see an imaginary picture. Most of the time it doesn't affect me at all and I don't miss that ability, because I was born that way, but it is somewhat troublesome, when I'm in a new environment. Due to incapability to visualize things, I also completely lack visual memory, and therefore, unlike most people, I don't remember my way automatically and can then easily get lost even in relatively small places like e.g. inside of a building. In order to find the way back from somewhere, I have to consciously focus on my surroundings, to describe them to myself in words, and then to memorize that description. However, that doesn't mean, that I lack imagination. I cannot see non-existent things and I cannot make myself hear non-existent sounds/voi
ces/music or perceive non-existent smells or touches, either, but I'm perfectly capable to imagine stories. I even used to write stories as a teenager and considering the reactions on my literature teachers, I was quite good at it. I don't think, that aphantasia is a significant impairment, unless one wants to become a painter or a sculptor or something similar. I'm a complete failure at artistic drawing, 5 yrs olds do it better than me, but my technical drawing is unaffected, because I can rely on measurements, numbers (which I also have hard time remembering, but I don't need to, I can write them down), scaling and rules, and don't need to visually imagine the object. And the other hand, my memory for written language is exceptionally good: I still remember books, I've read, when I was 5 yrs old, and learned to understand a few languages just by casually reading on the Internet and without realizing, that I was learning. English is one of them."
175992420,"*external Anyway, to frame it in terms of ""responsibility"", I think another to put it is this: there's a difference between being responsible for a problem and being responsible for the solution. The more common attitude is to assume you're responsible for the problem, which, when you're not, leads you nowhere good. You can always do your best to deal with things or work around them, but you can't simply stop causing a problem you never caused in the first place."
175992421,Deleted 9 people yep
175992422,I don't think you are crazy cog.
175992423,"Hi all, I am wondering if any of you are experiencing that pin pricking sensation all over your body? I am not talking about needles and pins which happens after you get blood circulation or nerve blocking back to normal during sleep. I am talking about separate needle pricking feelings here and there. The thing that worries me is this pricking feeling all over my body, even on my face. I notice it more when I sit and I don't feel much when I stand or walk around. Today I started experiencing this and my hypochondria-OCD mind immediately clung to it as it was desperately searching for something to worry about lately. I don't want to google it as I stopped searching for things on the internet a long time go, yet here I am asking for some form of reassurance :P and that's another thing. I can't say that feeling is new to me for 100% because I really don't remember, I may have begun paying attention to it now after I started worrying about it. Now my poor mind is paying attention to it full speed and 
I already had sleeping problems last two days."
175992424,"The tiz is helping so much, my God. I'm so grateful for my little stash. A bit drowsy and legs are ok so far. I have the bed elevated for the legs."
175992425,"My moms surgery was postponed after they started they found a mass, they need to biopsy. Prayers and good vibes appreciated."
175992426,You sound depressed.....this is when you need therapy etc more than ever....
174391849,I feel much better after taking 50mg of Benadryl for dystonia from the saphris. Gonna call my pdoc tomorrow. Until then I’m staying up all night. I thinking things are hopeless.
175992427,Yes I did.
175992428,"I'm probably burning out _USER_ID_: ""Burnout is a state of emotional, physical, and mental exhaustion caused by excessive and prolonged stress. It occurs when you feel overwhelmed, emotionally drained, and unable to meet constant demands."""
175992429,"all of them, hours ago. Can't sleep."
175992430,"The county where my dad lives is gonna go under lockdown starting at midnight. But he works at a grocery store. He’s gonna have to get a note from his boss because if he’s stopped he could get into trouble if they think he’s just roaming around. _PERSON_ family is also in that county, as well as his friends. I grew up in that county. If I was still living with my dad I’d have to stay in the house. Wouldn’t mind tho kinda."
175992431,"Almost cleaned out the meth/heroin/crack ***** house. My veins are getting bigger it seems. I feel safe in the hotel with a machete. Valium. I have philosophical thoughts about reality that most people will be having in 5-10 years. My cognition could go to ****. I'm exhausted all the time.. As I've said, big veins. Need beta blockers. If I had a purpose, I'd be able to focus on that but I'm an information sponge that has cognitive fatigue. I need everything around me clean to focus. I can't be an artist can I? I want to be known for something great. I want to overcome addiction. I've been around addicts all day. I say they need to trip but no one listens. It's true."
175992432,"Thanks, it's been a long day lol can't wait to go to sleep tonight"
175992433,The dichotomy is mental illness still stigmatized and thus how does one find employment when there is no processess that assist those in being more productive? I know none of your country...in Australia we have dedicated providers and companies who employ those with a functional mental illness. Programs alike the ndis are promoting great change. Having strong discrimination laws is important. Here people can wiek on the disability pension up to a certain figure or medical determined hrs. This promotes motivation and gives people a sense of contributing to the community and increasing their self efficacy. Some will need the lifelong pension... But unless you adopt a non productive model then change is deminished and people rot. Great topic. HT
175992434,Remarkable Creatures by _NAME_
175992435,"Newtus you're doing good. You seem like a person that will be worrying much less in the future. This is the struggle right now.. THE s-t-r-u-g-g-l-l-l-l-l-e-e-e Never give up! For me too.. I have nothing figured out right now and the video chat people grilled me. My sister grilled me for changing my online courses - I stood there with my face all red - Like what the hell do I do? People need to stop putting thoughts into my head.. The meaning of life is to just be alive - OMG my cat meows at me.. But you can do anything you want. Anything you damn please - You make what is right or wrong with the pressure of society weighing down on you - Like a form of mind control. I believe that mind control is needed because even 100-200 years ago, people were savages, dying from diseases - The future is going to be great with technology and medical technology.. So be healthy, don't smoke, exercise.. I'm going on a hike with my mom after she gets home from work. There's only so much that I can do... I have no i
dea what to do - Well I do but there's so many things.. I think about being an entrepreneur because spending my time working for just enough to live really triggers me especially other people (And I know that it shouldn't) - Like ""I only have 3 dollars in my bank account"" - I don't get it.. Stop buying drugs then. I had the money to buy drugs - If I didn't, I wouldn't have.. That's why my mom controls my money. But imagine.. Working full time - Asexual, depression.. That's what I did for a while.. I was thinking dark af thoughts - ""I can see your smile"" *Puts on fake smile*... I feel like my ex step dad and what he did to me was so serious that I lost a lot of my sense of humour. I used to be so popular in school because I was funny - In class, yard, on the bus.. My teacher said (Before I left Ireland), ""I hope you don't lose that unique sense of humour that you have"" - I barely remember things but that's one thing that I remembered.. My ex step dad wasn't funny. And I think the opposite of humour is FE
AR - Like when I smoke too much weed - I think that everyone is laughing at me when they're laughing. I just need to learn to relax - I coped the wrong way using Xanax and that's why I ended up in the hospital maybe - But also because of what the soldiers and cyptro investor said with OCD thoughts driving me nuts to no end about it - Because partially, they made me realize things that normal people realized before me at this age or just basic common sense. I have very little common sense because my brain is using a lot of efficiency for other things - Like solving, analyzing, feeling, avoiding pain, embarrassment, trying to survive in this culture. I'm nihilistic sometimes and have odd thoughts that are disconnected from culture. If only I could just figure things out instead of having so much anxiety. Sometimes I'd like to press fast forward on my life to get to the possible better part - But the obvious idea is to live in the moment - The struggle, never give up and keep going forward. I can never think of 
things at the top of my head when I explain what I do to people because it's not connected - I think that's why I get so solipsistic. I need people to see who I am in a way that isn't wrong, authentically - Yet people say I lie and am ********ting them when they don't know me. It's basically what a zen master does.. You sit alone and do nothing for hours - You can't fall asleep or drift into a trance. I'm always asleep or in a trance so maybe meditation would be good. Ah nvm ignore me"
175992436,That sounds good. I love anything with spicy Italian sausage lol I could live off that stuff. My mom always made homemade spaghetti and meatballs and would always cook Italian sausage in with it. Sausage and pepper sandwiches are great too. Now I'm hungry lol ?
175992437,"I usually dont notice when people around me do bad things and expect me not to uncover their bad behavior infront of people that matter- As far as i was taught in school only horrible people do drugs, so i believed it naturally (why would my teachers mislead me when i believe what they say...?) So when i served in the army people always smoked in the bathroom to avoid geting caught, and i would just scream at them not to smoke there, i kept telling my ""bosses"" (whats the right word?) how people smoke in the bathroom, once i even called my friend out because his eyes were too red, ""are you high man?"" in a joking way, he didnt laugh tho haha And someone talked to me later alone to explain that he was actually high"
175992438,I wish I could go back on the meds I was on before.
175992439,"I googled, ""Can cats be more right or left handed?"" ""Female cats tend to be more ""right-handed,"" a new study says. Cats have the entire Internet wrapped around their furry little paws. ... Scientists have discovered that many pet cats show a marked preference for the right or left front paw when it comes to walking down stairs, stepping over an object, or reaching for food."""
175992440,Career? Anything where you can be delivered a package of work to do; do that work; then send off the finished product. Minimal human interaction required. And example would be a freelance programmer.
175992441,I've been so depressed for so long in my teens that this is comfortable to me. It's better than panic attacks. I haven't had a panic attack in like two weeks.
175992442,So guess what!!! I got an event in my location in my fb notifications just now. The art collective here is relaunching their poetry jam night! So _NAME_ goto the event and say my poetry!!! Plus their doing live music etc!
175992443,I like the ketamine for the 6-norhydroxyketamine metabolite. The racemic R-S-ket. It lasts a long time. Right now I'm too tired to research.
175992444,I don't feel good either. Sometimes I don't feel like my life as funny to cope. Sometimes it's scary. What I saw in that house was very disturbing. It reminded me of the past where my ex step dad bullied me and made me dig a hole in the yard for entertainment. I had no friends. And is the house meth haunted? Ever since my bad trip.. it's like the drug use reincarnated from my soul to stay in that house.
175992445,That’s good!!! Proud of you!
175992446,_PERSON_ ft _PERSON_ - When the Music Stops
175992447,"This week I got prescribed Prozac. As long as I know it’s one of the most popular antidepressants out there. I’m hoping my body will react well to it. I’ve been taking it every morning for three days. It makes me drowsy but that is absolutely to be expected. I’m already feeling a bit cheerful which is a big thing for me. _PERSON_, I can imagine how confusing it is to take a pill for depression and end up kinda manic. There are so many different pills for us to try but damn it is hard to go through all the side effects. In the end the right pill will help us, we just have to stick long enough to find which one."
175992448,I can't sleep. My brain won't switch off
175992449,My sleep schedule is getting off kilter again. Woke up at 11am today. Blah. Gonna workout soon.
175992450,Yeah me too
175992451,"Yup, just not my Zyprexa which I take in the evening"
175992452,"I survived the similar situation and continue to by taking it 1 day at a time....I had 5 son's and my ex husband cheated for 10 years of a 17 year marriage. First you need to do self care, YOU need to get yourself in a better place before YOU make decisions. Go ALONE to a marriage counselor, talking to an unbiased person HELPS (I still go weekly, I've been divorced 4 years) If not for my children, I would have taken my own life....I loved him that much, the pain of a single day hurt like hell. You are NOT alone, your children NEED you to be the best dad. Focus on yourself for your children. Personally, once a cheater repeats...your trust is earned, not given. I am NOT happy alone but my children deserved a better life environment. This will effect them deeply if you do not care for yourself first. Rip off the bandaid with a counselor ALONE and take small steps, maybe she will see you are the wonderful man you are but you have your own options. No one can heal you but thre right counselor can help y
ou. I will forever be hurt by my ex's behavior but the kids and I did not deserve constant pain. I'll pray for you and know you are not alone!!! Only you can stop someone from hurting you."
175992453,Well look where I landed! Past 3mos? My night terrors and other monsters appearing again. From approx.10p-1a. Til wee hrs of morning. All of my skills are rather useless but for safety and physical calm. Trying to list new repetative thoughts hoping it will help. Wondering if anyone is going thru something like this? Might a good portion be anticlimactic reaction to COVID-19 and 2020 atmosphere worldwide.? Cool connectiveness though! Peace More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How To Manage Stress During The Holiday Season Reduce Anxiety Through Your Diet
175992454,Let’s hope there’s no orange leader mouthing off in that game...
175992455,I edited to say one of them. I know there’s a couple kinds. They don’t use the pig one that often anymore at least in Canada. It’s like super old school. Usually they use the synthetic stuff. Always best to do research on things before you use them. Don’t want to **** up your thyroid that **** is hard to fix once it’s broken.
175992456,"It really is! Haha. Also there’s gonna be real concerts in the VR music world with real and popular artists. They have like events and stuff with real people. I wanna take a DJing class but the program is 30 dollars. Which isn’t bad. There’s concerts, get togethers, movie nights, etc something every night. I feel like this is gonna help me in the long term. With my psychosis MAYBE BUT definitely with my anxiety and depression. Because I’ll be talking to real people around the world. Like hearing their voices through their avatars and they hear me too."
175992457,"I realized I’m really really good at games. Even games that are male dominated too. Just another thing that if I put my mind and heart to it, I succeed significantly."
175992458,Thanks Job that means a lot to me
174391861,"If you have much experience of strangers knowing everything about your life - what is it OTHER than the fact they are mindreaders, watching you 24/7, knowing everything you do and plan? And if you seem to think it's a prank to ruin people's brains, hope and bodies than can I suggest we term it an 'evil conspiracy' rather than prank? Here's my experience: You're born, you are stupid, you can't remember your early years, remember some from 5/6 onwards. Some memories perhaps earlier but not many. You get people making sure they become your childhood mates. You have teachers and fellow classmates at around 8/9 hinting at mindreading. You become a little sensitive but you are not evil. You go to another school at 11 or so and then you're forced to deal with a lot more #######4 mindreaders. You notice weirdness in what teachers and classmates say but don't think too much about it. You notice mindgames and people copying your thoughts, or mimicking what you have thought about recently. But again, you're b
usy being a kid and going along, playing sports or listening to music or generally just going along with all that. You get weirdoes mocking you but again you don't think much about it. What you think about at home or are doing at home, the kids talk about and use to bully you. You are probably already used to it. As an adult you would describe it as life having meaning or being special. You enjoy tv, some weird stuff may happen through adverts, like you recently trying to remember a word, and then it appearing in a TV commercial. You get friends on the phone commenting on your physical state of being at that time. In my case, I was paranoid of my mouth making noises and some 'friend' commented on it. You feel weird and walk up the stairs to your bedroom with a weird vibe. They say weird creepy things at other times too. Your sister and mother get you used to mindreading as much as they can, but again you don't notice it until the pressure begins at 20+. It's because they've made life seem normal, and you know 
no better. the mindreading, cloning of your thoughts has become normal. But as a kid, you're going to class, trying to have fun, learn your way through the world. As you get older they begin making it more extreme. Unexpectedly calling you 'ugly' if you are feeling paranoid about your nose or face at that time in life. Your mother knows you're paranoid of your nose so says 'what a big nose' (my nose is not even big). They bully you in ways that you cannot stop, and set you up in ways you don't realise yet. A film makes you cry over the weekend and on the Monday some creepy mindreader (you don't know he's a mindreader until many years later and you're forced to examine every memory) says 'I watched that film on Saturday and it made me cry'. You slowly but surely get weirded out by all this as the years pass. I could go on, but let's cut straight to the present. Cars and mindreaders in them drive past with weird number plates to mess with your mind. You switch the channel on tv or radio, and they immediateely c
lone your thoughts. Astrological websites write down the thoughts you had 5 seconds prior in their daily astrological forecast. Songs use lyrics and pain from your life experience. But you can't prove it. You change the channel on tv and the thing you're gonna say in your head is the exact wording in the script of the film. But it shouldn't be a live film you think in you're head! There are no live films on tv! You go online to schizophrenic chatrooms and forums, and meet more mindreaders ready to abuse you. Showing they are mindreaders yet then claiming you are delusional to mess with your head. You make friendships with girls (I am a hetero guy) and they pretend they like and eventually love you, but keep saying mindreading creepy comments to you, sometimes immediately within 3 seconds. you have no doubt they are mindreaders, but they begin to keep denying it without shame. you end up drinking yourself to death, with no1 in your life, u can't even trust your 'family' or 'mother' or 'sister'. because they've 
given you ample reason to know that they are lying mindreaders, plotting to make your state of mind BAD. through mindgames and horrible evil crap. this is 0.01% (if that) of what I could write). screw all lying mindreaders who pretend there is a point to this. or some good. they are just liars. and many on this site are too. -- Mon Jul 29, 2019 9:41 pm -- I just want to clarify, that is not 0.01% of my mindreading knowledge of what they've done to me. It is 0.0_PHONE_NO_ % (if that). that's aimed at the evil hypocrite bully mindreaders, not at anyone who goes through similar to me."
174391895,Looks great bpcyclist!
174391892,"I care. I wish I could help you. I have had schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder for over 20 years. The acute stages are always hard because people typically haven't developed the coping skills to deal with it. Improvement comes with time. Don't condemn yourself for having an illness or having confusion. Things do get better. I now have two Master's degrees and I am looking forward to working full time after many years of part time work. You can definitely get better. I hope you continue to pray and realize that sometimes the hallucinations are extensions of your own thoughts or beliefs. I think schizophrenia also involves dissociation.I think we block our feelings and thoughts which may result in hallucinations. I could be wrong, of course. In any case, try to respect what you feel and take appropriate actions to help yourself. Don't despair. Things do improve. May God be with you."
175992459,I read that but it says in cannabis products. Apparently most of the people sick have been using thc cartridges on their vapes.
175992460,I write poetry. It helps to get my feelings out.
175992461,"Went to the library and got some stuff. Manga, anime DVD, Celtic mythology book, and We're all Mad Here: The No-Nonsense Guide to Living with Social Anxiety"
175992462,"Called from yesterday everyone,sent e mails,now its night."
175992463,Rogue Lawyer by _NAME_
175992464,What’s going on? Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175992465,The acetaminophen.....if you don’t have an infection the antibiotics ar just going to kill some gut flora.....
175992466,"No I haven't. I need to. Thank you. I think I could just be hungover tho. Still need to talk to them tho, yes."
175992467,"Please help me, my left nipple is so sensitive. If I touch it, I feel this weird sensation like a sting, it scares me because my right nipple does not feel this way! It also lasts for a minute afterwards. I am scared of breast cancer, has anyone experienced this before?"
175992468,"My sister found out she has rectal cancer about a month ago. My mom had breast and now has ovarian cancer. My sister now has the flu on top of cancer, but my moms white counts are low due to chemo. My sister has to move back in with the family for care during her own chemo and radiation. Sorry I know it’s confusing."
175992469,Keep u guys in my prayers too. Including u.
175992470,No you're not. Try to insulate yourself. And think of independence.
175992471,???
175992472,The 10 mg seem to be a better dose. The nights seem to be the worst and at first they were giving me Ativan to calm down a bit. I am also no Metoprolol for PVC's. She added Klonopin for nights instead of Ativan and I tried it last night but it didn't help me sleep. I tried the Melatonin instead for nights. Trying to find the right fit for me. I will meet with a therapist on Tuesday to start therapy to help.
175992473,"I don't know if I would go to a counsellor. I go to my psychiatrist on a regular basis. For me, I don't think a counsellor would be useful at all. I don't just need someone to talk to, I need someone who knows what to say, and that requires a knowledge of how the brain works and experience talking to a lot of mentally ill people. My doctor always knows the right thing to say to calm me down and I always go away from the appointments feeling better. I have rarely found this with doctors, only 2 or 3. For instance, my GI specialist could care less if I live or die and he doesn't do anything to help me. My psychiatrist has helped me more than the GI ""specialist."" Overall, I don't know what a counsellor could do for me. I need someone to talk to who has the education and the knowledge of a psychiatric doctor. Someone who understands how my brain works. He has explained things to me and that's the biggest relief. That's just me, others might feel differently."
175992474,I can see why. Try to take care of yourself as best as you can though. I know it's hard.
175992475,and also the bipolar forum
175992476,Christmas Music
175992477,I just figured out something really awesome. I noticed over the past few weeks that The Voice isn't there bothering me. It normally hums and says nonsensical stuff. But I don't hear it anymore. I kept wondering why and I just now remembered I started Buspar a few weeks ago. That's the reason why. What if The Voice was anxiety? That's what Buspar treats. But who's ever had a voice because of anxiety? I don't know. I'll mention it to my pnurse. I think I will start cutting back on my AP.
175992478,Hope things are looking up soon _AT_MENTION_.
175992479,I'm going to have five days off of work coming up. This Saturday through Wednesday. My parents will be gone Friday through Sunday. I'm worried about them being gone. I promised them no hospital. But it's the first time I will be without them since I was hospitalized. And I don't know what I am going to do for five days without work! That's madness! I'm going to go mad that's the problem!
175992480,_NAME_ Personal _PERSON_
175992481,Yes I did.
175992482,"Ah, yes I hear you. My psych taught me the 5 senses technique for anxiety. Maybe that would be something to try if you haven’t? Here is a link with a description of how to do it below. I was taught to do a deep cleansing breath between each step though, not just at the start https://copingskillsforkids.com/blog/2016/4/27/coping-skill-spot..."
175992483,"I'm trying to cut back on caffeine , I was drinking 9 or more cups of regular coffee a day"
175992484,I actually ordered a mask to match my top for the interview...I hope it gets here in time .
175992485,I hope you get some sleep _AT_MENTION_
175992486,Hi Welcome to the forum I am pleased you have found us but sorry to hear you are struggling at the moment I know how hard it is to live with anxiety and depression. I would say that your first stop should be to speak with your doctor if you haven't already? There is a lot that can be done to help such as taking medication or doing some talking therapy such as CBT or Mindfulness Meditation. Have a look in our resources section for some useful links to self help sites on the web I can recommend the Mindfulness links. I know things are hard at the moment but you can get through this and we are all here to help support you so keep us posted. _PERSON_
175992487,"The first psychiatric medication I was put on was back in 2000. The doctor prescribed 50 mg of Zoloft, just like what you're on now, Bik31. It didn't work for me, but I hope it will work well for you Bik31."
175992488,"Ever since I was a little boy, I have been hooked on _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ and Bond and so on. Don't know why, but I just love thrillers and spy books/movies."
175992489,Your writings are very interesting and your story motivating. Good luck to you. Talk to you down the road.
175992490,Thanks for the feedback. Almost have a week under my belt now. No major panic attacks. I am finding it harder to sleep though. Took ativan 2 nights in a row to help ease me to sleep. Ladt night melatonin. Anyone else notice or maybe it's not working yet and my anxiety is keeping me awake?
175992491,"I've been ill today. I pretty much stayed in bed. When I got up, I tried to hydrate as much as possible. I think I messed up my sugar last night with a couple of smoothies and I paid for it today. I really have to do better with my diet and sugar intake. Emotionally, I am drained and anxious. When I get in bed, _PERSON_ curls up next to me and I listen to rain sounds. It's the only soothing thing I have right now."
175992492,I got taken outside and talked to by the chef. they said that one of the admins complained that my coworker and me take breaks together. which we have a handful of times. The chef said the GM is really mad and wants my schedule changed. I told the chef that it won't happen any more and stops today so they aren't gonna change my schedule But now i know this particular admin person is a snake in the grass and i just feel like they are watching me on the cameras there to see when i **** up
175992493,I'm aiming for 6K steps a day and struggling with that.
175992494,"Appointment with the cardiologist for my own peace of mind. They even said I could probably rely on what the ER doctor and my primary physician told me, but noted if I was still stressed about it that I was welcome to come let them review things. So now I just gotta try to keep myself calm for the next ten days (appointment is next Thursday morning.)"
175992495,I am trying to move out of my parents' place but that is proving problematic since I don't have a steady income.
175992496,Tomorrow I'm going to the food pantry
175992497,"_AT_MENTION_ I know of several online companies that do it. One is called TranscribeMe.com. I won't lie, on that one I didn't pass the test because it was super hard to pass. Like I got a 96% or above on all of the questions and it still didn't pass me. I guess the good thing is that you can take the test more than once. It was insane, though. There are other sites, too. The one I'm working for now, they found me. But it's not hard work, it's just attention to detail and focus mainly. Anyway, if you want more info, you can PM me... I think TranscribeMe might be best though since it's easy to register and stuff like that... You usually have to sign an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) for these types of jobs since it's proprietary information most of the time that you're dealing with... Anyway, hope that helps."
175992498,What??? _PERSON_
175992499,Hi I’ve been struggling in my relationship lately I’ve been snapping on my boyfriend and being really rude to him and just making a huge dent in our relationship and I know what I’m doing is wrong but I don’t know how to stop I don’t know how to stop feeling like I’m not good enough for anything I don’t know how to stop feeling like no one cares I don’t know how to stop thinking if I was dead maybe then people would care I don’t know how to stop feeling so bad about myself I lash out or push people away I want to be better but i don’t know how to stop being the way I am
175992500,Deadlifted 225lbs again today. Back on track to where I was before I was depressed and not going to the gym yay!
175992501,"I get obsessive too, I need to talk to my pdoc about it."
175992502,I feel happier saying that at least.
175992503,Wtf who told you that you should be ashamed? The level of rudeness of some people is insane ?
175992504,I have a headache from all the crying. Sigh.
175992505,Haha. Oh you might like this book about Enneagram because it’s not only explaining the meaning but also give us some advices. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachmen...se_z-lib.o.pdf
175992506,"Went berserk in front of my sister about having another panic attack so she phoned my mom - My mom came home from work and asked if going to the ER was a good idea. The doctor made me stay overnight to see the psychiatrist tomorrow on the TV as an emergency. I panicked because I felt like everything was taken away from me. I panicked for 5 hours straight 2pm-7pm. It's 8pm now and I feel better. I was given 5mg diazepam, then 5mg olanzepine then another 5mg diazepam. The panic of complete horror wasn't enough go force me to take a 1mg Xanax blotter that I had in my wallet. I told the nurse that I trust everyone so I gave them the benzos. Now I will take a zopiclone and sleep - I see the psychiatrist in the morning.. sigh.."
175992507,I love that!
175992508,I hope everyone is feeling better and I wish everyone a happy 2020. Tomorrow my friend and I plan to go to our cafe for brunch. So that will be nice. I'm going to have a large Pepsi and an order of home fries. They're really good with lots of pepper. And maybe we'll go to the vape store.
175992509,Not feeling well all of a sudden... Had a panic attack yesterday and think I’m about to have another today.
175992510,"I don't crochet, but I know there are tons of free resources on YouTube and I suppose other places where people explain how to make stuff like that."
175992511,"He's been suffering from allergies lately. Dr. just called in his allergy pills. I haven't picked them up yet though. I hope it doesn't turn into bronchitis. His has been sneezing and runny nose. We had a ton of pollen this year. My truck was yellow from it. I have huge white pines in the yard. I hope you feel better soon MissJD8505. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992512,I feel so bad like I'm getting worse...
174391962,I've just been diagnosed with schizoaffective. It finally all makes sense. I did leave a trail of woe but at least now I know what I am.
175992513,"I agree people with severe anxiety need Xanax or klonopin to cope usually till they can find a safer less addicting alternative -usually an ssri or srni . this is why I am recommending not to use these benzos for sleep. there are other drugs for this. please,please use benzos with caution and responsibility. 12"
175992514,I've been on this site called thepennyhoarder.com lately. It helped me get my current online job. I wonder if it might help others with financial ideas and stuff. It also taught me how to keep a budget journal. I am TERRIBLE with managing money. And the written budget journal is really helping me. Not saying you need to check it out. Just saying it might interest you or others on this forum.
175992515,I went to take a small rest yesterday evening and fell asleep until 11pm. Then I went back to sleep and woke up at 11am.. lol
175992516,"No, but I am extremely concerned thst you may have significant untreated psychosis and as a caring human, that worries me as untreated psychosis may be life-threatening to u or others."
175992517,_EMAIL_
175992518,Just got 75 minutes of homework done. I did three 25-minute sessions with 5 minute breaks in between each one. I think it's a good strategy for me to do it this way. Thanks to SP or whomever suggested that I divide it into short sessions!!
175992519,"Hm, I just googled them because I never heard of them before. What do they put in a box initially?"
175992520,"nothing seems good today. I even went outside with my pup _NAME_ and he sat for snacks , even once he came back and sat and stayed i reached out the snack and he opened his mouth and a snack popped out , lol. He's saving snacks in the top of his mouth! It was funny but didn't fix my funk. Maybe i should go to bed."
175992521,"Have you ever considered being a research biologist? Like the kind that go out into the wild and study animals? You seem to like travel, science and animals...."
175992522,"I’m happy to hear this. I think you and Newtus have a similar amazing progression. Losing touch with reality is scary. No matter how good it feels sometimes. It’s like collecting a leprechaun’s coins. You feel great but as soon as you reach the other side of the rainbow, the coins disappear. I never doubt your patience"
175992523,"Whenever I stay up past 24 hours, man, I visually see and hear the most horrific things I’ve ever seen in my life. Like, idk how to explain it. That’s why I am such a proponent for getting good sleep. I laid down to sleep last night and just wow. Before I fell asleep I looked at _NAME_ who I knew was asleep, but his face was like shifting like I could see his bones like I had X-ray vision. That fckn sucked."
175992524,"It's been several years since I've stepped into the HA arena but here I am again. So, some context. Almost 2 weeks ago I was laying in bed and my groin area was really itchy. I was half asleep and scratching when I felt something odd. I got up and investigated and found it was a tick! I plucked the SOB and because I was half asleep, pulled a few hairs with it by accident. Went back to sleep. The next day, I figured I'd ""trim up"" down there to prevent that from happening again as easily. So I sort of haphazardly used my _NAME_ clippers and trimmed my ""bikini line"". 2 days later, I notice a bump along my groin, right where the thigh meets the pelvic area. It's a hard bump, doesn't move but also doesn't hurt much. There's no hair that I can see connected or going into the bump. It's been about a week and a half and the bump hasn't gone away. It does recede when I sit or lay and is most pronounced when I stand. It also seems to get a little bigger when I'm hot/sweaty and moving a lot. Now, my ratio
nal mind believes this is something related to shaving/tweezing. But, good ol' google doesn't help and it's my fault for googling because according to google, it could be everything BUT related to hair removal. HIV, Cancer, you name it. I also suffer from chronic sinusitis so I always feel slightly sick, which doesn't make me feel any better about a lump on my body. I get sore throats a lot, I feel run down a fair amount, my nose is just a mess. I don't have insurance so I can't go running to the doctor quite yet. I also have pretty deep depression so I'm sort of in this weird nebulous space where I'm like ""dang, I don't wanna' be taken out by a stupid disease, but I also don't really care"". So I come to you, my brothers and sisters in the HA community. Thoughts are welcome and appreciated. Thanks for reading and have a lovely day."
175992525,"I have started praying every day, too. I hope you keep us posted. I would love to know how things turn out for you."
175992527,I want some chocolate covered coffee beans
175992528,Yes just took one
175992530,I’m going on a mental trip to change myself I’ll be back in a couple months
175992531,Made chai tea and put some Belgian rock sugar in it. Omg so tasty. Yum yum yum
175992532,I truly believe that AI's can be so advanced that they can develop emotions and a consciousness more capable of feeling a high state of love. But they have to have rules programmed into them.. like laws.. in order to obey.. (Like what the government does with us).
175992533,Sounds good!
175992534,I'm feeling much better right now with all the naps I've had today and last night. Well sleep and a 4 hr nap. I think I do enjoy the time when _NAME_ is at work. It gives me time to renew myself.
175992535,I wish u luck. You’ll find one easier than I did I’m sure. It took me 14 months to find one but I was applying mostly to work at home jobs.
175992536,Welcome _AT_MENTION_
175992537,"In my marriage, my wife passed away from a fatal disease. When the marriage got rough for many years, I stayed because, as a bipolar, I wasn't sure I could make it emotionally make it on my own, and as a bipolar, found it very difficult to hold a job. Also, we owned joint property, such as a house, and neither one of us wanted to leave it. When she got sick with her fatal disease, she said something to me which I wrote down and that I still have near this computer which reads, ""If you you don't mind, come speak to me later."" Yeah, that still gets me. That's the person I married. So that's another reason I never left. So I know what you are talking about . How's your job?"
175992538,"Okay, this thread has been off topic for quite some time. _PERSON_, I'd recommend using a journal on this site. If you'd like to set one up, talk to me about it via PM"
175992539,"These are the list of things that I have to do; Get gym membership on Monday Go to coffee connections on Monday Learn CBT notes Book appointment with dr. on 28th of May Apply for jobs in person Go to the contact lenses shop on Monday Look up the courses you want to do in september Book hair cut appointment Buy shaving cream, toothpaste and deodorant Get drivers license Cut weeds for mom in yard I managed to do nothing today because I'm still depressed. I woke up at 2pm and walked down town to get ice cream, realized that it's a long weekend holiday so everything is closed. I drank an energy drink with my vyvanse. The more I take kratom, the less I take benzos. They feel like the same thing except kratom puts me to sleep. Kratom addiction is better than benzo addiction at least. I'm glad I flushed my illegal drugs because I don't need them. Still waiting for my psychiatrist appointment to see what she can do about my depression.. I still feel in mental pain. I'm thinking of asking my mom about what 
holiday we should have. I want to go to Hawaii.."
175992540,Had a good time with my friends this evening
175992541,"Just sitting with music, enduring mental pain. Trying not to take a drug to feel better. It's all I can do. Maybe it'll pass or maybe I'll find a distraction. I'm extremely unhappy."
175992542,A pb&j sandwich and milk
175992543,YOu need to go and see a doctor... you are not well. sounds like a full blown depression. i have been there. our bodies and chemicals work differently. believe me it is just you rmind. you need to talk to someone and get some meds and therapy. it will help. reach out to someone who will listen. there is help out there. believe me. call your GP and tell him what is going on - he can either refer you or do a test with you - but to me it sounds like you are fully down.....even gps can prescribe something that will help. just give it time.. ok? promise - life is good - you just need some help all the best _NAME_
175992544,"I take 2 APs, vraylar and seroquel, they have helped me a lot. I hope you find something that helps you"
175992545,The opposite of caffeine.
175992546,"I forgot havent been taking the full dose of my medicine past week. My pharmacy messed up my medicine and just sent a new roll of meds without my consent. So the new dose wasnt added to my new roll of medicine. If they had only waited on day. I called them about it and asked to hold my shipment every month because I have to see my doctor once a month for refills. They said they couldn't because the system they have designed is made for automatic shipment every month. Normally that would be fine, but I've been having dosage and med changes every month for past 3 months or so... I forgot to call my doctor this week. The pharmacy said they need pre-authorization now for more meds because they just sent out meds (that I didnt consent to be sent out!)."
175992547,I found typing club
175992548,I am doing better today. Decided I'm going to stay on the same meds but drop the Xanax (gradually). I am much more stable today.
175992549,"Hi everyone. HUGS for those who are struggling today. _AT_MENTION_. I'm sorry to hear about the anxiety. Anxiety sucks. I get a lot of anxiety about people dying that I love. Especially when they are traveling or just out together, like my parents, I get worried they will be in a car accident and die. I've been like that since I was little. It's the GAD I suppose. If you're feeling anxious, it might be good to go ahead and take the anti-anxiety medication especially as you have been getting panic attacks. HUGS Kit"
175992550,"I meant a regular doctor, general physician, hope they figure out something to help you"
175992551,I know where I'm at isn't exactly the safest neighborhood but we are between two police. Next thing you know the police were in the house.
175992552,"Pretty good, yeah I'm definitely going to limit it to that. Then eventually I'll just switch to decaf. Have to go grocery shopping in a little while"
175992553,I'm throwing up and dizzy. But I'm not nauseous. I feel fine. Idk why. I walked over to fiances desk looking for something and I started coughing and then I threw up. I thought maybe it was cuz the litter box smelled bad. But idk. I'm starting to wonder if its cuz I'm dehydrated. I barely drank any water past two days. Like maybe 3 or 4 water bottles total in 2 days. Less than usual. And I been in the heat half the time past 2 days. I was feeling very dizzy and sick yesterday. And I didnt eat but a bag of chips and a sandwich yesterday.
174392042,Doesn't voice hearing indicate some type of disorder?
175992554,Death is on my mind at the moment. It scares me. I'm scared... :S I'm not sure if that's a good or a bad thing at the moment.
175992555,My dentist is so nice too so that makes it better.
175992556,I'm mentally exhausted
175992557,I think you're thinking too much of things btw. But for some people I know writing it down is helpful.
175992558,Yea. I've been off since 3pm but I had like 5 things I had to do after work. Off tomorrow tho!
175992559,"Has anyone experienced more shaking on zoloft and if so, did it eventually go away?? I’ve only been on zoloft for 8 days but have noticed a slight increase in my shakes. My anxiety causes me to shake as well so I’m not sure if it’s meds or myself Thank you for any help or advice you may have"
175992560,"Thank you everyone for your replies. It seems when I was very aware of it, it happened more. It kind of subsided when my mind was busy, I definitely noticed that. I will definitely ask a professional thank you all for your help."
175992561,"yes I did. and I washed my hair, fixed my hair, and shaved my legs!"
175992562,I miss my cats
174392030,"PTSD can also cause psychosis I think it doesn't matter what you call it, what matters is what you do about it."
175992563,well you can't be on your parents plan because you're over the age of 26.
175992564,Another option is getting stuff delivered right to your house......haven’t tried it yet but most pharmacies are offering it now. Also things like amazons pill pack. As far as I can tell there isn’t a shortage so you should be able to get it soon.
175992565,"I don't do too well with my supplements either _AT_MENTION_ Dawn. I do good with my medication but not so much with the supplements. I think I'm just like hello, I take too much stuff!"
175992566,Oops sorry didn’t mean to thank that....it’s terrible...did you see where Minneapolis arrested the black member of a cnn news team but left the white one free. That’s so wrong.
175992567,Hi _NAME_ You're getting snow already? Do you live in the US or Canada? Sorry to hear you have an infection in your eye that must be really irritating hopefully your doctor will be able to sort it out for you. I'm so tired as still not sleeping getting anywhere between 2-4hrs a night i'm going to get some more CBD capsules as they did help a bit but they are very expensive. I really want these withdrawal symptoms to stop I have had enough of them now lol because I have been getting the sweats especially in the groin and genital area I have got a fungal infection which I just can't seem to get rid of?? I have been to the doctor about it a couple of times and he prescribed me some Clotrimazole cream and also some Fluconazole tablets which both seem to help but just as you think it's clearing up it comes back with vengeance which is very depressing. The doctor agrees that it's because I have been getting the sweats and that it is a prime area for fungal infections to hit. It just seems to be one thing 
after the other now as I also slipped a disc in my back over the weekend so my back keeps going into spasm which is all I need lol things are sent to test you. _PERSON_
175992568,I still don’t physically feel quite right. I just want this feeling to go away. It tickles/has a pressure feeling under my sternum between my breast area. Like where the center triangle peice of a bra sits. Right there.
175992569,I did but I don't remember if I took my supplements!
175992570,"Thanks, I listened to music then fell asleep. I only slept for 3 1/2 hours though and am wide awake"
175992571,"No, not today yet."
175992572,have any of yall seen twin peaks
174392016,"I think of my thoughts like arrows that shoot in all directions from my head (Even from the back of my head) in combination with many pictures that do the same. The thoughts can actually BE pictures (Like an Afghan desert with the sand blowing with mountain goats, camels and shamans which gives me a feeling - An encrypted ""thought"") - (Then I start thinking about shamans for example..). But I'd be sitting here in my room, wondering what's happening in the kitchen (How is my mom cooking the chicken?) - I can picture it in my mind and have a map of the whole town and everywhere I've been to, people walking, cars driving.. I think about where my dad is (In Mexico) and I see a map of southern US (California) and a map of Mexico and pools and an underground mine (Because he's a mining consultant). Then I have feelings in relation to all these pictures - I think about the past and crying when he left to go abroad to work or have pictures of the fireflies by the pool in Guatemala (Because he used to wor
k there) and my grandmother was there so I start thinking about her and have a picture of her kitchen - Then I think about all the things I say on Facebook and the feelings of her and how all the feelings of her regrets are starting to get to her now that she's old. I could go on writing for ever and ever. Then there's thoughts about my meds, the house I used to live in, the feelings of depression and agitation so I start thinking about the psych ward.. (Ok I'll stop now but you get the point..) I think I mostly think in pictures idk. Then there's things that I SEE in real life and what I'm focusing on. I honestly am more entertained by the pictures in my head (ADHD and imagination - Autism? Idk). Paranoia can be a certain feeling of a sort of anxiety where my thoughts are stronger and the pictures are weaker.. idk.. With Vyvanse, if I take two, I'd be sitting on my phone and yknow how I said my thoughts shoot from all directions in my head? With two Vyvanses, it all narrows down to what I SEE and the thought
s shoot in directions from my eyes to what I see and I can then focus and things are processed faster because I have more dopamine which provides enough stimulation to not want to get stimulation from ""daydreaming"" and go off into a tangent of thought and picture hell. I'm on Vyvanse right now but just one. One Vyvanse provides a happy medium (I'm supposed to take one). And I think that's why Vyvanse can cause psychosis in anyone that takes too much. Antipsychotics are different and lessen everything in the brain so all thoughts and pictures are diminished but the opposite of antipsychotics (Psychedelics) cause more pictures and thoughts which manifest themselves as visual and auditory hallucinations (Which is why they're called ""Hallucinogens"").. People with autism, ADHD and/or schizophrenia are creative.. Depression is ""Lack of serotonin"" and psychedelics are serotonin analogues so it's like increasing serotonin which makes you feel ""Happy"" because you have many pictures.. Anyways I'm feeling less a
pathetic cuz the weed wore off. The weed is another story for another day XD"
175992573,"""NAC had a weird effect on me. After a month in (1200mg 1xday) I became more empathic and sensible. Too sensible. Im naturally stoic, distant and cold, but I felt emotionally warm. I would smile so easily. Once I cried because I was angry and sad that there were so much hate and judgment in the world. I mean, WTF? I would feel things in my chest and get sad at people's ignorance, I wanted to help them so much I was also able to empathically understand things I dont know, maybe Im dead inside and feeling those thing are actually normal, but it was a weird month that one (I stoped because I ran out of NAC and never bothered to get more)"""
175992574,"5,570 Trackers & ads blocked 225.2MB Bandwidth saved 5minutes Time saved Already with new Brave browser"
175992575,HUGS Desoxyn
175992576,Please do not diagnose or question the diagnosis of any other member on this site. It is strictly against site rules. This is a peer support forum.
175992577,I lived on leftover spaghetti in college.....
175992578,"Hi there. I’m sorry that you’re struggling right now :/ I hope that your friends and family in law enforcement stay safe. The only suggestion I have is that, if you’re open to it, you could try meditating. Depending on the type of meditation you do, it could help you train your mind to stay in the present moment and radically accept what you find there. It could help you not worry about the things that aren’t directly in front of you. There are plenty of apps you could download to help you get started. And the nice thing about it is that you can meditate in just 10 minutes so hopefully you’re not too exhausted. But I meditate when I’m tired and I still get something out of it. Thanks for posting. I hope your anxiety and depression do lift."
175992579,Thank you. I see her Tuesday.
175992580,I love _NAME_ scrolls online
175992581,I have a stretchy fabric belt
175992582,"You said, ""Any sources such as websites, etc that you utilize for educating yourself on bipolar. Trying to understand better this illness."" I think that's a very good idea. I think you can type in ""bipolar"" in the search engine and will see a list of websites that talk about the condition. How is the Depakote, which you said was a mood stabilizer for bipolar, and the Trazodone, which you said was for depression, coming along? You've been taking it for about two weeks. Is the Trazodone still making you agitated? You also said you were having trouble with sleep."
175992583,"Had hot dogs , potato salad , and baked beans."
175992584,Man fck it
175992585,"If y’all wanna know any mental health games on steam, I know quite a few!!!"
175992586,"Yes as it slows down your breathing and heart rate. It relaxes you but takes practice. I wish you the best. I hope that the pain subsides. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992587,I painted using the back of the paper today out of curiosity because it has rougher surface. It didn’t work well because apparently the back part has some kind of coating. My colors didn’t really blend well because of that. But lesson learned and the process was still fun.
175992588,I didn't want 2 wake up this morning. Im take dexedrines and try to enjoy my day... doing thingz..
175992589,"Good luck to you too, definitely sounds like your on the right track. I am more or less committed to taking meds for a very long time if not for life."
175992590,"I am doing well. I am working and supporting myself. I don't make much but am doing ok. I pay for all of my bills. Life is ok. I'm getting more work because I opened my schedule to get more work. So, I will be working over 20 hours a week but in reality am working about 25-28 hours a week because I need to prep for classes. So, I'm doing ok. I am compliant with my medication and have been for over three years now. The only problem I am having is with men on online dating apps. One of them is stalking me now. I feel disgusted. He wanted sex, and I did not. He is also 67 years old. What a waste product!! He is so aggressive yet has nothing to offer in return. But, I can go on forever about how appalled I am. So, I will try to refrain from doing so. I made a mistake and admit it. Nobody can be trusted. So, I have to live in fear for awhile. I hope he forgets about me. I don't want to be a statistic."
175992591,We all do... it’s so sad we have to isolate like this at this point.. :( I’m here to chat any time. Going thru a lot too..... big hug. You are not alone.
175992592,I guess it’s just really scary for someone like me. I believe I’m dying every 30 minutes. I have severe anxiety. It’s hard to explain.
175992593,This is the second day that I cant sleep. Sucks.
175992594,Most antipsychotics that cause weight gain are notorious for causing diabetes/metabolic syndrome over time.
175992595,It’s not even my kitty but for the last few minute I’ve been singing stop kitten time to the refrain from mc hammers song that’s goes stop hammer time. I really think the covid quarantine is getting to me lol.....
175992596,"Hi _NAME_, Thank you for the advise on breathing exercise. I just need to remind myself to do this more often. Hi _PERSON_, I have been doing this 3x a day. It's helping and my Blood Pressure tends to be lower when I do my breathing exercise. I need to set down or close to a chair coz sometimes it makes me a bit dizzy. It took me at least 4 days to see the difference. But as soon as I do it, this helps instantly. I also need to chew my food to avoid any anxiety, coz any discomfort tends to scare me. I thank God for His Mercies. All the best. Thank you,"
175992597,someone once asked me what it felt like to hear voices and I responded by saying: well it's like being in a confrence room and everyone is sat round the big table talking at once (like an office meeting or something like that)
175992598,"My thoughts are already slowing down. I was on the phone with my sister, I called her so I didn't feel so alone after the first hour of being on the med and it was hard to get thoughts out"
175992599,I think I'm gonna try to devote today to the sketchbook and my book. But I feel like something is gonna come up considering fiance is really sick.
175992600,Yes just took one!
175992601,"_NAME_, I deleted your poll because of the foul and insensitive language used. This is a family-friendly website."
175992602,"It's raining here. Maybe not a lot of people are going to go to the support group tonight because of the rain. Maybe more time to talk then. Last time the support group was really full. I just did the saying my name, dx, and what coping skill I was going to use until the next meeting."
175992603,I like them bald cats.
175992604,"Don’t give up, like in; de press I on (depression) you must press on every day. I struggle with those same problems and I am bipolar with severe depression."
175992605,"_PERSON_ I knew this COVID stuff was gonna destroy me. And it wasn’t so much the COVID-19 thing as it was staying home cuz I had no job. I knew the day I was called into HR that I was about to go down hill with staying home, just that alone, _USER_ID_ losing my job."
175992606,At PHP... Really anxious...
175992607,"Glad to hear all tests showed good! Mucus in throat - I experience from time to time too. I know how exhausting it is when it gets too much and you have to ""cough/spit"" (!) I notice it's due to things I eat: mainly, hot, spicy food! Anyway, welcome to the super-sensitive club! Think positively - there are SOME advantages to being hyper-sensitive we notice health issues sooner than others, so if there IS a problem, it's SEEN sooner. We just have to try to 'relax/meditate/positive self-talk' more in order to try to keep our ""health anxiety"" in check. Good you cleared up that you were male - now we won't jump to your flushing symptoms being due to menopause!"
175992608,"Been chewing nicotine gum more often recently. Might need to read the book ""How to Stop smoking"" again by _NAME_."
175992609,Just listening to some shoegaze on Pandora. It's good music. My brain is still messed up though. Hopefully tomorrow my pdoc will get the prior authorization stuff sorted out and I'll be able to take Latuda.
175992610,"Witisu... I've learned not to think that way although I kind of used to. Before I had kids... My oldest is 17...I wondered if I should even bring kids into this miserable world. But we did. And I couldn't live without them. Do you have kids? Yes... Things may be even worse for them I'm the years to come. I'm now 50 as of September and just got diagnosed with prostate cancer. Which I know is not a death sentence, but it's still cancer. You cannot worry about all those things wrong with the world that you cannot control. There's hope on the horizon. _PERSON_ is almost gone. He has really messed things up and got people believing the most stupid crap. I'm confident that 2021 will be a better year than 20. Please give it a chance. You're young and have so many wonderful years to go. Hey... You're not 50 yet! It will get better. I promise. Please get the assistance you need."
175992611,"Rrakkma: I wore my over-the-head ear protectors so much a few months ago that one of my earlobes had a scab on it. So I both cut back on wearing them and would take them off front ways, and not pull them off to one side with one hand. And the sore place on my ear went away. You say you're wearing them to hear sound, not avoid it. Any way you can listen to music on your computer with your speakers for a while, not your over-the-heads, and see if the pain beside your ear stops. Your body may be trying to tell you something as mine was with the sore ear lobe. I wouldn't listen to loud things anytime, and your ears will get more sensitive to noise as you grow older, that's why parents can't stand the volume of their child's music box, but the child can stand it. I would urge caution when listening to music, and the higher the pitch, the more rough it can be on your ears. Outside, if their is noise from car traffic, you may tend to push up the volume on your ear phones. But you probably shouldn't do tha
t, but keep it set at the volume it was set at when it was perfectly quiet. That's what your ears can stand. You know, protect your ears before you have to."
175992612,tried edibles. Freak out before going into bloodwork... then get food to sober you up before going for bloodwork. I managed to get sober... talk out my ***... finally come home after a while. Thinking of drinking some thc slushies... oh and munchies and possibly ribs if that happens or not. It is making me hungry.
175992613,That's a good deal of reading!
175992614,More evidence base is it being trialled for depression. HT More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health
175992615,Therapy was horrible I already knew we didnt click. But today he got frustrated and said I should rethink coming back. So I'm not going back.
175992616,_PERSON_ I have but right now I need money to live. So I'm going for a job.
174392091,"While I was diagnosed with schizophrenia, I believe I have schizoid and thought intrusive OCD. I love it. The intrusive, abusive daydreams were a nightmare, but I have been retraining my brain to think intelligent, positive thoughts. But more to the point, I love being alone all the time, being independent, self-contained, and not reacting to people and their bull crap. I feel like I'm much more content and happy than nons. They're too emotionally invested in each other, they seek each other's approval, they're obedient followers who need to be told what to think, and they have too many up's and down's, which is no different from being a drug addict (withdrawal/high), while I'm consistently content. Plus they're boring and like Oblivion said, having mental issues gives you character. I used to be afraid of people and angry at them for behaving like toddlers. Now I'm just over it."
175992617,_PERSON_ I dont think I can afford it
175992618,Half an Italian mix sandwich
175992619,I'm gonna do this 20 minute yoga workout tomorrow using yoga with adriene videos on youtube Yoga For Complete Beginners - 20 Minute Home Yoga Workout! - YouTube
175992620,"I hope the holiday treated everyone reasonably well. I noticed right before the holidays and the start of a long vacation, I was feeling amazingly good. A lot of this was reminding me of the really bad shape I was in mentally last year though and at first it made me feel really proud of the progress I had made but then gradually the obnoxious intrusive thoughts started slipping back in and feel like by the end of the break I’ve totally crashed. I’ve been working on breathing and using the calm app but I keep sleeping too much and feel pretty defeated,anxious, cranky and unable to concentrate. I don’t know what to do."
175992621,"You can do it! Try journaling (and then rip it up, sometimes that helps) to at least get some negative thoughts out of your head?"
175992622,"Want ice cream but too lazy to go to the store, maybe next week"
174392097,the highest dosage was when I was at 675mg a day for clozapine... They notice my levels were high and right now I'm at 600mg a day. They may lower it idk depends on my blood work.
175992623,Yeah the ? use to. Every so often still do. It is a letting go.....for me i need to tell my mind i been punished enough! But yes TT i agree..... Think act be positive. Cheers. HT
175992624,Sounds great bb!
175992625,Wrote to the head of my university today. We'll see what he says.
175992626,The complex messed up tho because I didnt know it took many days to go directly from the bank account. _PERSON_ now we are charged a late fee. If I had known that I woulda pay the extra 4 dollars to do it from my debit card number.
175992627,"Just feel like no one appreciates me on there. I also have this notion that everything I say can potentially escalate into an argument, and I don't like arguments. I will probably make my Facebook page again but probably not Twitter. Twitter is just too intense for me. Also I feel like people gang up on me on those sites just to make me feel like I'm wrong or something."
175992628,It’s possible....did the omeprazole help you at all?
175992629,I apologize bb. I didnt mean you specifically. Maybe I shouldn't be judgemental. I really shouldn't. Things could go wrong for me in an instant. So I'm sorry.
175992630,"I'm so freaking anxious. I'm not ready for partial hospital, not ready at all."
175992631,"Occasionally when I forget to take the Vyvanse, I start feeling all sick and then I realize oh yeah, I haven't taken it. No wonder I'm all tired and feeling sick. Then I take it and it's great. But I've forgotten a few times and my Dad had to bring them to my work. Luckily I only live like 5 minutes from work."
174392107,"When I was on other psychiatric medications between 2000 and 2011, my medications made it impossible, when I'd get nervous, to be able to hide it from everyone else. My hands would get all shaky. My lips would quiver as well. I would have never made it as an undercover agent for the CIA or the FBI, that's for sure! However, since 2011, I've been on a drug called Clozaril. It's the only medication I am currently on. So nowadays, when I get nervous, sometimes my hands get shaky (although not as bad as before). But at other times when I get nervous, my hands don't get shaky and stay steady...and I don't know why. How about you? When you get nervous, can you hide it from everyone else? Can you appear to be calm even when you aren't?"
175992632,Good!!!!
175992633,Why can't they be outside ?
175992634,Glad the med changes seem to be working _AT_MENTION_ and _AT_MENTION_
175992635,"My brother in law is in the hospital. My sister said he was having weird effects that seemed like a traumatic brain injury so (he was in the marines and did EOD or whatever working with explosives for 25 years, and in combat) his buddy that was overseas with him had a TBI so he's being tested for that I guess now"
175992636,"Possible trigger: During a pandemic, everyones going crazy I feel like I'm being lazy When nothing phases me anymore Irritable on venlafaxine You don't want to take the vaccine I am just relaxing I don't know what you're asking, for I can't go back to the big house _PERSON_ then I'll feel like a trapped mouse Now everything has gone south Then I'm in maze inside of my mind, behind a psychiatric door I end up there too often Everyone is coughin', now We're all gonna end up in coffins in the end anyways somehow And I'll have a heart attack and die... But I'll stay here on this planet... I need a drug that gets me, high.. Cuz all I do is lie here, I can't stand it.. I can't take this no more! People are laughing at me I feel like it's the illuminati Still there's so many people shopping And not social distancing Everything is crappy I can't see into the future But it seems quite bad Imma log off my user"
175992637,Aha!!!!!
175992638,Idk I hope not!
174392112,Brilliant!!
175992639,"I’m currently on lithium, Latuda, and abilify. Doctor is taking me off abilify slowly see how that works. He’s trying to see if I can be on one or two meds only."
175992640,"_PERSON_ — how old are u? How long have you had to hold it in? Can u talk to a trusted friend? I assume your parents don’t know.... but a mother usually does,just so u know :) you will ultimately have to deal with it and society is more accepting and open today... you will be surprised ...! It will weigh on u.. as it already does with u overeating :( How can we support you with that? It’s ok to live ones live openly and authentically.... really. Big hugs to you _NAME_"
175992641,I just played the guitar about an hour. It was nice. I feel a lot better now.
175992642,My brain is so foggy from being sick. I’m sorry if that doesn’t make sense.
175992643,"Happy Saturday!!! Just got home from dropping off my daughter w/my aunt, dropping my son off at work, and bringing gram out. We went to breakfast and the plant sale at the Council on Aging. All the damn plants were half dead. I didn’t get anything. I have to go grocery shopping at some point today too. Blah. _PERSON_ is here. I’m so grateful that hubby has someone to hang out with. I’m going to curl up and watch some Netflix."
175992644,"I'm so upset because of what happened earlier. I feel very murderous right now. I'm tired of everyone stepping on my toes. I'm still angry about it at how I said nothing back because he was much bigger than me and I didn't want to risk serious injury. I'm so ****ing angry right now. I feel like a pushover for all the years of bullying and torment I've been through. Now I know what _NAME_ went through and what made him snap. I feel that way, and I've felt that way since I was 13. Just a general hatred for humanity and society in general. I hate everyone."
175992645,"_NAME_, Hello! Hope all it well my friend...haven't heard from you regularly enough....hope that changes if it suits you! _PERSON_, We are glad that you have found us as well! Keep posting both for, and with support! S.C."
175992646,"My doorbell rang and I didn’t know who could be ringing it but it was the maintenance guy handing out everyone’s St. _NAME_’s day corned beef and cabbage dinners omg I haven’t had it in so long, my mom used to make it every year. So I have that for later or tomorrow"
175992647,My care manager just texting me. The agency she works for is getting everyone a Christmas present with a $20 limit from Walmart. She asked me what I wanted and I said one of those adult coloring books if possible
175992648,I can relate. Possible trigger: I try to be positive and make myself laugh but I'm probably going down to some psychotic hell or I'll be addicted to benzos. I just had a heart palpitation and my back in a small area behind my heart is hurting. I better take a benzo. It's all hell but we have to be positive in hopes that things will get better. Because they will. Although I'm too psychotic after my bad trip that I think I'm in a real dream and this isn't real. I feel like I unlocked the key to reality and now it's the end for me.
175992649,Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! My mom made a turkey dinner it was great =] I sold a weed edible to my moms friends bf
175992650,I have the anxiety condition for awhile already. I take medication for it though it only helps a little ya. I get sad thinking about having this condition. I don't have much energy to do things. Does anyone know if an anxiety medication would help with feeling sad though. I wonder if there is something I can take to get more energy ya. Can someone give advice on this. Thanks.
175992651,Hi It sounds like you have made good progress in therapy now it's time to take stock and practice what you have learnt. I have my last session of Therapy coming up and i'm feeling anxious at it coming to an end but I am also looking forward to practicing all the techniques I learned. I will have a 3 month gap in therapy then will have a follow up session to check in and see how i'm getting on. Be honest with your therapist that way you will get the most out of it and the therapist will be able to help you more. Keep us posted _PERSON_
175992652,They usually have it frozen....
175992653,I think I'm gonna stay up tonight and just walk around my apartment and clean or whatever
175992654,Gave my dad money to buy my kitty _NAME_ prescription wet food and prescription dry food $110.00
175992655,Well I heard like 3 gun shots last night. Apparently someone got shot
175992656,"Call ahead to local pcps and see if they will offer a payment plan. I had one for a while that would bill me at Medicare level price which is less than most insurance would charge for a visit and they billed me so I had a little time to pay it off. It wasn’t great for them I’m sure but I did appreciate the kindness. Many are willing to do payment plans. Might be a good idea either way to find a pcp that’s willing to work with you, that way if you ever have an issue you will know where to go and you might avoid an even more costly urgent care or ER bill. I personally feel like just the concept of not knowing who to turn to magnifies anxiety quite a bit. Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 6/8/2019 5:34:32 PM (GMT-6)"
175992657,"I have klonopin I could take that, I try to only use that for really bad times though"
175992658,That was such a psychotic post.. I apologize.. lmao..
175992659,I agree here with tweaky
175992660,"I’m tired, kinda. I wanna do something tho. Something productive. I didn’t really wanna clean the kitchen but it was a mess for a week cuz I didn’t have time before. I feel extremely guilty for not doing anything. Oh well."
175992661,"It's because my mom is the only person in my life that I have this kind of relationship with. This rocky relationship. It's not so much about me tho. It's just I'm thinking if she talks about my sister, and likes her so much, idk what else shes capable of doing in other parts of her life. Of course, I should've seen this when she made fun of fat people and the deaf woman, who'd come into her nail shop in the 90s."
175992662,I’ve been watching how to pack clothes in a bag when traveling
175992663,Cookies sound great! Glad you got to do that
175992664,Yeah I’m still going but not as much mostly because I’ve been swimming too.
175992665,Oh man sorry to hear that
175992666,1) Death reporting in Italy is unique in that if there is a pre-existing condition they'll name that as cause of death. 2) There are no markers that make this look like an engineered disease so far.
175992667,Must be the same seller I bought my laptop from. Apparently it wont be delivered until the 11th of next month. I imagine they have little Keebler elves cobbling it together while getting drunk on milk and cookies.
175992668,"_NAME_, I just want to acknowledge your feelings of isolation and loneliness. I am a very social person and this has been hard on me. What I find helpful is I schedule walks in the different parks around us with a friend. Every walk with another friend. I put it on my calendar. I usually take one mid morning, one afternoon and bundle up thru the cold. Put a mask on and stay at a safe distance. Not only do I connect w my friends but also I get my workout in and get the pups out. They love it! I am unable to stay inside all day long for a year in a row :( I don’t think that is natural..... and certainly not healthy for our mental state! Yes I have organized my closets (still do) cleaned out fridge, crochet knit, I’m a crafter — but!! I need the human interaction!! So try the walking - if you work you go after work and on weekends. You d be surprised how many ppl feel this corona fatigue and are happy to have a chat while walking!! Good luck! I’m here... and would love to take you for a walk ?
??"
175992669,I really need a ****ing break or vacation or what ever rich people do But I don't want to be social and drink I don't want it to be too hot I feel not skinny anymore and don't want people to see me without a shirt on I don't want people laughing all the time yet I wish I could laugh I'm sick of people caring when they don't mean it I want to be able to drive and have a car I want friends that aren't lazy yet not have entrepreneurs talk down to me
175151439,"Hi all, I had a drs appointment today and wow have things changed from last month. My dr was called out of my room because another covid patient came in complaining of chest pain. I asked her before she left how our area was looking. She said a few months ago there were virtually no covid diagnosis for us but now it has jumped to 15 patients per one hundred who come in and are tested. This is incredibly bad news. Makes my anxiety go through the roof. Now I don't want this to be about masks vs those who refuse to wear masks and claim covid is fake news or fake disease. My dr was really upset with the amount of people who come in refusing to wear masks and then claim drs are lying about the cause of death naming covid as the reason. Lastly my dr said she believes the disease will run rampant across the US. She claims a vaccine will not be available in time. All this just makes me so anxious. I hate to think how many people will be stricken by this disease. My dr then went on to say people in the age 
group of 20-40 years old get covid socially then give it too their parents and grandparents who cannot fight off the disease. I pray everyday this will end soon. All of this is just what is happening in my area. God bless us all"
175992670,I think I’m done with schoolwork for the week but I’ll probably work ahead tomorrow ....I always feel behind with these classes.
175992671,Feeling really sedated today--slept about 12 hours but that's okay. Probably won't do yoga today but I did some yesterday. Feeling upbeat anyway....
175992672,Usually you lose money.....move into the house and keep paying the apartment......
175992673,"Doctors experience pain, so they understand pain just like the patient does. They don’t experience mental illness so they don’t understand it in the same way. That is my point."
175992674,"I had a problem with Effexor as well in that department. I went on Wellbutrin, and it was wonderful. No side effects at all. However, it didn't work on the anxiety very well. After a few years, I had to switch to Trintellix , and it's been great for the anxiety. I do have some sexual side effects, but not too bad. Wellbutrin was by far the only medication which didn't have any sexual side effects, but useless for anxiety. Everyone is different. It may work beautifully for you. Wishing you all the best! Kim Trintellix 10 mg, Toloxin 25mg, Pantoprazole 40mg, Remicade"
175992675,"Ohhhh. Thanks Sometimes psychotic, I wasn't paying attention to that part."
175992676,"It was the sugar industry that manipulated that claim. Look it up. Nutritionists are the foot soldiers of capitalism. For example, it has been shown that cinnamon can be effective as drugs in managing blood sugar for some people, but the cinnamon industry doesn't have a fraction of the dollars that big pharma has. Money trumps truth. It always will. Could this all have been orchestrated by leftists in order to collapse the economy beyond repair? On Tuesday the media was awash with stories about how millennials weren't taking this thing seriously and practicing social distancing. Funny how they all wait until there's a pandemic to put down their sticky little iPhones and go spring breaking. Then, yesterday, all I see are stories about how the young are becoming increasingly vulnerable to the virus and some are dying. If your luscious paranoia has any merit, _PERSON_, what role do you think the media is playing in all this?"
175992677,I don’t talk much anymore about my mental health on it but it hasn’t been very good.
175992678,That’s ridiculous
174392162,"This quote: ""I wake up thinking lots of weird stuff at a fast pace"" Is a large part of what MANIA is -- the common term is ""racing thoughts"". Something like lithium or depakote or any other mood stabilizer can help, talk to your doctor (you have one, right?) and explain the racing thoughts thing.. If there are 3.2 million schizophrenics (google) please consider on top of that BIPOLAR symptoms, and you'll realize there are far more BIPOLAR people (or schizoaffectives; bipolar and schizoaffective are similar) who experience MANIA or HYPOMANIA. There are REGULARLY commercials for people with mania on TV (drugs promising to help, but i'm better off with the cheap generics from my experience). That's how common this is. -_PERSON_"
175992679,My lungs feel weird and I’m kinda tired...hoping I’m not getting the COVID. Ever since that guy with no mask I’m a little worried.
175992680,"I’m so glad I’m not alone here! It feels weird to self isolate in the middle of self isolating right? Usually I try to come up with something funny to say when I’m able to text again. Don’t explain yourself and say you’re sorry every time. If you’ve done it once then they know what’s going on and you don’t have to say sorry every time. Don’t feel too guilty. Most of the time with my friends we just pick up right where we left off. Also remember that you don’t owe anyone anything, even if they are your friends."
175992681,"Just took a shower, watching Netflix, about to go on a walk once it's cooled down a bit. How about you? How is PHP going?"
175992682,"I am doing well today - just doing some creative writing. Gotta check also if there's any translation work coming in, but other than that my day is pretty free."
174392170,You're not whining. But I hope you'll feel better soon.
175992683,"Thanks for the thoughtful response, we have had a few conversations since and it seems to have improved on the job portion of things. I sometimes tend to be analytical about situations, and put emotions aside (part of my job) so maybe being more empathetic and less analytica would help. Thank you for the advice, I am going to hug her right now!"
175992684,"everything worked out fine, i even had some time to do some writing practice. i am sitting here playing Spades on the computer, which I find very relaxing. hope your day went well too."
175992685,I forgot my morning meds this morning...
175992686,"I agree with the first reply. You are not, in any way, to blame for what happened & you deserve a loving relationship. I’m sorry you endured all that and that you‘re feeling unhealthy now also <3"
175992687,"I've gone zero days without making a mistake on twitter today. I need to stay away that sight. I apologized, and removed the tweets, and the whole deal, then I unfollowed her so it would never happen again, then she kept on tweeting about it. I need to stay away from alcohol while I tweet people. I didn't see t the way she saw it. O well."
175992688,I am kind of concerned about these brain zaps. Anyone have any idea how to get rid of them?
175992689,"Huh. Yeah, I have read quite a bit about it. There is a lot of skepticism about whether the state of being psychic even exists. Overall, most ""experts"" have not been able to find evidence for it. Most people think it is a scam. And yet, I have visions. They all come true. What they exactly are, what their meaning is--I guess everyone has their own take. Most folks would just dismiss me as a lunatic, so, I don't really talk about them much."
175992690,"Voted for a primary in my state. So about the ketamine treatment... insurance doesn't seem to cover it. It costs 500 for each treatment! I might just do it once to see what it's like. Also, i need someone to drive me home. There's a study where i could get it for free... or it might get teh placebo. That would suck. It's worth a try though but getting drives back home will be a pain. This is so inconvenient."
175992691,Yes I did!
175992692,"My 2nd payment towards what I owe my school will be made on the 1st, I have it set up for autopay."
175992693,"I got my welcome box today and my free tshirt I won from the health company I partner with. But I’ll be unable to post anything today I think on insta for my partnership. I look and feel horrible. Ugh I just said I didn’t feel horrible but I feel like really bad, in the sense that I don’t feel great or even ok/content. Physically bad. I look bad too. I need a day of rest and relaxation."
175992694,I got that interview tomorrow and I couldn't be less ready.
175992695,Glad you had a great time with your sister and reconnecting with your cousin I love grocery shopping
175992696,"At that age, I think therapy is most likely to succeed if the kids want the help. Maybe ask them and see what they say. _USER_ID_ is an issue, especially for teenagers. So framing this less in terms of pathology (“mental health treatment for your anxiety disorder”) and more as “some advice about ways to navigate the social pressures that pretty much all teenagers face” could be useful. I had a teenager in therapy some years ago .."
175992697,What have you done to try to address the anxiety? Meditation? Therapy? Exercise? Medications? Something else?
175992698,"Being positive is half the battle. Do you do any meditation or breathing exercises? I may have asked you that before. I find it helps a lot with anxiety and with depression. I am so happy you are feeling better cln777. Keep hanging in there. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992699,"I hope this works for you _PERSON_. If you are sleeping better, that's a great start. I am similar to you. I am fortunate to have a good life right now, except for this stupid anxiety. Oh well, here's to better days."
175992700,I told my mom last night that I thought I was hypomanic. She tries her best but now she’s worried about me.
175992701,For over 10 years I’ve had an extreme anxiety disorder but for the past 5 years it turned into a panic disorder.. Now it has plagued me with agoraphobia… my life story has been that of no other.. thru the good and the bad I can tell you experiences you wouldn’t believe. I’ve never believed in taking medicine for my problems until 2 years ago I finally gave in. Worst but best decision ever. I have been on _PERSON_ for 2 years. The first 6 months were great and now I am stuck with unsuccessful tapers and am starting over again. I take xanax as needed as well. The scary part and what drives my panic is the fact that my heart rate and blood pressure gets to extremely dangerous levels. Heart rate 225 and blood pressure 210/150.. THIS is the reason for my panic. I am a very outgoing and spontaneous person. I love life more than anyone I know and love going places with friends n family but the past 2 years I have been confined to my city. Nobody understands me. I have so many friends but none I can 
seriously talk to about this as they just think it some sort of joke or something.. I want my life back.. I NEED my life back.. I am willing to do anything
175992702,I'm fighting anxiety today too _AT_MENTION_ It sucks but at least we have PC friends to help us. Hang in there! Hope it gets better for you.
175992703,Your work is cool too. I remember. It has a distinctive style. And bold.
175992704,The link is broken in Tapatalk. :/
175992705,Learning is always good! I always dream about next steps with learning and in my career and what not. That's always a good thing to dream about!
175992706,"For me, because of minimizing being out in the world, I’ve found several online meditation groups....my own therapist is easily accessible on Zoom. For me, it’s almost ( not quite) easier because I don’t have to explain all day long why I’m not going to join in activities I’m invited to. I’ve created almost a sanctuary and sacred routines, to nourish me in healthy ways. In a way it helps keep a lot of the external suffering in the world from me, which I am so sensitive to. I’m trying so desperately to hold a vision of internal peace and send out peace prayers. This helps me tremendously to get out of my own head and issues and spend this valuable time sending peace to all. Join me with 10+ million people.....online!,,,, https://www.ooacademyusa.org/ekam/ekam-world-peace-festival/ ?"
175992707,My arm was extremely sore when I woke up
175992708,"The depression I've had the past few weeks is basically just a crash from the mania I was experiencing for several months, that's what my doctor said. Which makes sense looking back. Things seem to be starting to level out though, just taking it one day at a time , today was better much better than the last few weeks were, so that's a start"
175992709,Getting my groceries tomorrow
175992710,Struggling some.
175992711,"Hey, your not alone!!! I am new on line and glad to see others like me. I dont have the answers but I can hold someones hand and be there to listen ,cry, laugh or whatever....helps get you pass the moments that may seem like a eternityof pain ."
175992712,"This makes sense to me, and I had kind of thought this as one of my possibilities. Thanks for posting this."
175992713,"""Open Awareness Meditation, also known as “open attention,” “open monitoring,” or “soft focus,” is a form of mindfulness meditation in which you allow the many things present in your consciousness (sounds and other sensory input, as well as your thoughts and emotions) to arise in your awareness and then naturally fall away as they are replaced by different sounds, thoughts, etc. This kind of meditation is considered a “yin” practice."" Whenever I feel exhausted from focusing, I lie down in bed, put the covers over me and just BE.. Because of the Vyvanse maybe, I don't actually fall asleep - Sometimes I do if I'm really tired.. But not when I usually do it @ around 4-6pm. I lie there for 30-60 minutes and just think and experience.. The reason is that it doesn't require a lot of focus just ""Soft focus"" which is what I really need during those times. I get focus exhaustion. It's like a form of sleep and changed the brain waves by giving the mind time to relax. Then when I'm done, I 
feel much more aware, clear minded, happier, focused, relaxed etc"
175992714,_AT_MENTION_ HUGS I hope you feel better soon.
175992715,I might take a walk tomorrow if the weather's nice
175992716,You can never have sex until you fly birds do it why can’t I build a a nest and call it home seasons change and there’s no one home this poem byDrZen
175992717,"Fck. I typed a lot. I hope u guys read it. It concerns mental health and wellness too. Basically, TLDR, having unhealthy hobbies is like feeding yourself crap food. Healthy hobbies in life exist, and they are better for u overall for a lasting and healthy life."
175992718,Forget my previous response to this Newt. I'm sorry.
174392230,"I feel a little better than yesterday. So that's something, I guess."
175992719,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaeWss85_vg I love this song because I know it's meant to be about some long-suffering relationship, but it's also every relationship I've had after approximately a week. I don't think I've ever heard it articulated so well."
175992720,Morning I'm honestly so exhausted still. I wish I could sleep.
175992721,"Did my 30 minutes of yoga. Did it 5 out of 7 days this week which isn't bad. I need to start going outside more though, I've been inside too much recently. There's a perfectly nice sitting area outside of the apartment complex, gotta start using it. The weather has been beautiful too."
175992722,I took an extra 5mg of olanzepine for mental weakness and to stabilize myself. It helped with dissociation by 50%. I think it was caused by the weed today which shouldn't be smoked the day after mushes + after alcohol. I got anxiety during the come up of the Vyvanse because of a mild hangover.
175992723,"I found a good way to help ensure I'm getting enough vegetables in my diet since I probably don't eat them often enough. It's not that I don't like them, it's just that I get in the bad habit of eating other stuff. So I bought a 24pk of V8 100% Vegetable juice."
175992724,That's exactly what I used to do! It always cycled away from me though. My favorite time to get up was around 3am. _NAME_ Presents would just be coming on and I'd have my coffee!
175992725,"Oh yea, change schools."
175992726,"Hi _PERSON_, My week has been okay. It has cooled down quite a bit so it is pleasant, though at night it is getting cold but that is good for sleeping. Starting to get ready for winter, it isn't too far off. I hope you had a good week. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992727,"Yes, rainy day! Love them"
175992728,"The security guard gave me a bunch of pre made microwaveable dinners, some milks, and bread, they have tons of them downstairs I guess they’ve been getting them every night he said, that’s good to know in case I ever need them. That made my day. Still waiting for the biscotti and cappuccino mixed, they’re being delivered one day late (tomorrow) , look forward to having those. It’s been super hot like 80 degrees today. I’m already tired of summer and ready for the fall! ?"
175992729,"_PERSON_, Thank you! I was wondering if vitamin d maybe had something to do. Doctor suggested I start supplementing so we’ll see if that helps. _PERSON_, Thank you for your support. I will keep you all posted!"
175992730,You'll get into the swing of things and you'll be able to have time soon
175992731,Possible trigger: my geodon gives me diarrhea every morning. It sucks. I think I'm supposed to eat with it but I don't eat for a few hours after waking up cuz I feel nauseous in the mornings from anxiety a bit
175992732,"Oh fack all the bad thoughts are coming forth for me to deal with lol... Great introspection; ""Introspection is the examination of one's own conscious thoughts and feelings.[1] In psychology, the process of introspection relies on the observation of one's mental state, while in a spiritual context it may refer to the examination of one's soul.[2] Introspection is closely related to human self-reflection and self-discovery and is contrasted with external observation."""
175992733,I’m doing good for the most part. Kinda sick of people and their rotten behaviors and displaying bad character. Right now I’m dropping someone off at rehab.
175992734,"I've never felt this much emotions before. It must be an anhedonia window What do I want to do? Make music, paint.. idk.."
175992735,Yes I did at 6:30 am this morning
175992736,"Hahaha I think idk... I think I’m just not getting enough sleep and I been smoking cigs and smoking too much. Probably drinking too much too, at night. Which anything over 2 shots of liquor is too much for me. So 3-4 shots at night is overkill. I ran out of vape juice and I hate it. I fckn hate cigs so much. They’re nasty but oh well... nicotine so yea."
175992737,I'm sorry you're still having trouble with it. Maybe try to get your mind off of it. Sometimes I literally have to force myself to do something else to avoid thinking of traumatic events. Like I put on some comedy or a comforting video with soothing music or something like that... Obviously not trying to detract from the pain you must feel from it.
175992738,Oh come on. They found white crap in my throat at the health centre today. They think it may be strep. Gonna be tested tomorrow for that. Also looking at a possible migraine. This just doesn't end. x_x
175992739,"What has your psychiatrist had to say about all this? I just do not believe people like us (I have bp 1 with tons of psychosis) should be doing psychedelics. I think it is unpredictable and risky. But I am old-fashioned that way. That said, I do hope you feel better soon."
175992740,HUGS _AT_MENTION_; HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175992741,"Many people with various mental health diagnoses get distracted or board easily -- especially during routine tasks or paperwork. This can make it difficult to stay focused at work. Try these tips: 1. Break up big tasks into smaller tasks. 2. Between tasks, take a walk or get fresh air. 3. Take notes in meetings. ( I got permission to use a tape recorder so don't be afraid to ask I simply said I didn't want to miss a word that was said ) LOL yea I know.... Give these a try and let us know what works if you will please. OR If you have other suggestions to help please SHARE them with everyone! Tc, _PERSON_"
175992742,Walking to the stores takes so much longer when there's ice covering the sidewalks
175992743,"Funny story where faith ended me up. It turned out that I got no manager position after the last one (also I didn't look desperately for one, I even canceled one myself). So maybe my (according to the doctors) schizoid nature dragged me into this: I'm an external software developer now, detached from the other (internal) developers (not even in the same room) and if I want to I can spend a whole day without saying one word to someone else. For real, I could - in this role - just login to the computer, type, and leave in the evening, and everything'd be perfect. Well, I do go to lunch with the internal colleagues, but I don't have to. Very schizoid position, isn't it ? Even worse (or better), I sleep 3 nights in another city and see my family less. Now I'm afraid of loosing all the social skills again, that I learned (the hard way) during my last manager job. Thinks like smiling at people when talking to them The good thing is, in the manager job I got continuous negative feedback. Even though my bu
siness results were objectively and measurable far above average. But no one cares about results on that level, even worse, standing out with good results cause other managers to start fighting you. What counts on that level is making alliances, faking reputation (of oneself and the next upper managers), hiding errors, playing dirty games etc. And with schizoid distance I could only loose in that manipulation games.. So this negative feedback from the NPD/ASD/HPD/machiaw. managers creeps stopped. Instead I'm way ahead of schedule with my technology and get ... well ... no feedback. Which feels like positive feedback now, after stepping out of the last shark tank Question for me is now: - Do I accept being a bad manager (though my decisions were great and I led with great empathy, freedom and trust - so I'm good for EBIT and only bad for selfish political manager netwoks). Do I give up and have a great time with a talk-to-no-one PC job. (Way better payed by the way than the manager job for some special reasons
.) - Or do I NOT accept the vote of the prior looser company (they're loosing so much market share by the way that they say they're in danger, and claim themselves that cultural weakness is one of the cause for dying, by the way). Or how can I find out ? I think deep in me, although I really enjoy a day coding and talking to no one. I enjoy this a lot. But deep in me, I'm lonely on the PC and would prefer leading a team again. Shaping culture, reaching goals together, giving freedom, being proud of my staff's results when they are successful BECAUSE I gave them trust and freedom ... Maybe I need to found a start-up for finding out. There I can lead without playing axix-b-who's-the-weakest-manager-fake-guy-with-the-most-blown-up-fake-self-esteem-fake-games. Or I say, f... off world, I like coding, the money is more than ok, no stress, but with the downside of mutating more and more into a nerd. I noticed that my voice got much more silent when I speak. My body language changed. I started being able to see in t
he dark ... no"
175992744,Too cute!!!!
175992745,I like her....thanks for posting
175992746,Hope it works for you! I've heard it works wonders for some. I've never tried it personally though.
175992747,"Thank you Yeah I’ve talked to my therapist about it, she mentioned trying relaxation techniques. I just have a hard time letting go of the mental anxiety around it. we didn’t discuss it the past two times we talked though because we were more focused on dealing with the mania/psychosis then depressive episode. I’ll bring it up again to her and see what she says. I don’t know what happened that triggered it."
175992748,"I ate good food posted it on Facebook and Instagram. Steak, cheesy asparagus, roasted pepper, and garlic bacon _NAME_. I'm trying to eat normally. My mom is into intermittent fasting to help her lose weight and I'm kind of going along for the ride. Try to lose weight and not be crazy about it."
174392252,"I’m like a 3. Meds help a lot but I learned they only help so much. I spent a lot of sleepless nights crying trying to use basic (mainly basic) coping techniques to smooth out negative symptoms that medication doesn’t touch. It took like 3 years to get to where I am, half of it being my pure will. I had no real dream after I got stabilized on meds. It took literally hitting rock bottom in my personal life to realize that I can’t just wait around anymore. And I think a lot of people are missing the motivation factor. Which may or may not be affected by meds. Meds IMO only help to an extent. They only helped me to about 4, if 10 was the meds helped completely and 1 being the meds don’t work at all."
175992749,Oh no I’m so sorry
175992750,I accidentally dropped my lighter into my tea and now it won’t turn on. Maybe the universe is conspiring to make me stop smoking.
175992751,When it gets to like 40 I spend a few minutes closing the ones I don't need lmao
175992752,"It separates core values from more superficial pop psychology.....also I liked the story in the beginning for you....it was about their son and how he wasn’t doing so well because people didn’t believe in him but then the parents stopped protecting him and he became very successful....I feel like sometimes you still look to your parents for things and feel neglected when they don’t bail you out, and yet that may be holding you back. I can see you being super successful. You can probably get it from the library as it over twenty years old..."
175992753,Might you trust what an array of disconnected scientists from across the globe who have access to the virus in a lab-environment have said?
175992754,Yes I have. It's too expensive for me tho.
175992755,"Yeah that usually happens but I'll just enjoy it while it lasts. Generally my meds will keep it from escalating into full blown mania anymore, though. I used to get fully manic more often but now I'm more likely to just experience a crash."
175992756,"Thanks, friends, but this is an RA med! Maybe I will take the first one with a Xanax..."
175992757,"I’m listening to moby sing we are all made of stars and I left my blogs for a while. I have friends on tumblr, but I don’t know it’s too addictive for me. Facebook is the same thing. I think live groups are good. I love this. I have a hard time staying anywhere, but I feel accepted here like I belong here."
175992758,"I hope for the strength to withstand the anxiety that attaches itself to me everyday. I don't see anything else to do but take it a day at a time. And each day to choose one thing to do that is solely for your benefit. Every day, one thing. Maybe you could share what that is. For me, it might be my walk. Yesterday I transplanted some plants in my backyard and then stood there with the hose watering the plants. It was the high point of my day."
175992759,"Thanks _NAME_! Im sorry you have some of the same stuff going on... They did make some changes. They actually took me off of 4 of my psych meds and lowered the AD they kept me on. So I'm on an AD, an AP shot, and prn sleep and 2 prn anxiety meds, plus melatonin. So really just 2 regular psych meds, but one is monthly, so one I have to take daily. I have other meds, for physical issues... narcolepsy, blood pressure, fibromyalgia, migraines, etc. that I have to take daily also. But, the hospital did well at streamlining the psych meds, for now. Hopefully it can stay less meds."
175992760,dh is on a compounded testosterone cream prescribed by his urologist. he had prostate cancer. he rubs a quarter of a teaspoon onto his body everyday. it keps his testosterone count even - no peaks or valleys. maybe talk to your urologist?
175992761,I want a new and better reality. I'll continue to be optimistic.. But my heart is beating faster after skiing.. Idk about my heart health. Don't worries SP! .... It seems bad - But hold onto the love.
175992762,"Ok makes perfect sense now, I just couldn’t comprehend it at all..."
175992763,Going through my books to find one I want to read (along side the other one I'm reading). I've bought so many over the years.
175992764,"Governor where I live (NY) declared a state of emergency, there’s like 142 coronavirus cases"
175992765,"SP, I picked up Atomic Habits at the library today"
175992766,"Oh, man..."
175992768,"Our memories are unreliable. Our brain makes patches when it can’t quite remember all the details so I think it is very normal that you cannot recall if you were abused or if the older boy was there. Maybe the abuse happened at another time and place and you just can’t recollect it precisely because it happened when you were very young. Also when we are kids we get terrified by very simple things so it doesn’t have to be sexual abuse to register in your mind as such. It can be a touch or a word, or even your childlike perception that created this feeling of something not being right. I hope this helps a little bit."
175992769,Yes there are! But their avatars. It’s a real club. There’s multiple night clubs on Vr.
175992770,"Hahah that's cute. I have 50 tabs open. I just close the internet when I'm finished. I used to press the x, then I was like ""what if I need this information again?""."
175992771,Last day of working from home and the power goes out. Been out half an hour already and isn’t expected to come on for another three. What sucks is they’ll probably want me to do makeup time. Not my fault the power went out for this area.
175992772,"Not today, I will tomorrow morning"
175992773,Had some chocolate.
175992774,Color??.pics??.
175992775,I must write meaningless nonsense when in pain. The ease of suffering is all that counts =]
175992776,Thanks! _AT_MENTION_ Therapy appointment over the phone went really well
175992777,I might not drink alcohol ever again too because of how it had made me feel especially while on meds.
175992778,I’ve been having a lot of self-esteem issues and struggling to love myself the past month or so. I’m not the most confident person ever but it’s usually not this bad. I’ve stopped taking pictures and I get so upset looking in a mirror. I just really do not like myself right now trying to figure out how to fix that.
175992779,"What about therapy instead of medication? Just a thought. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175992780,Thinking about stopping the Haldol. It just makes me way too sleepy and I can't handle that.
175992781,yes indeed
175992782,"I didn't mean to post to falcon, sorry."
175992783,"Yeah, I tried that, it usually works but not this time. But I had a cup of coffee and practiced with my uke for a awhile and now I feel warm"
175992784,"Lol I'm sure everyone here can tell u about my mom. I post about her all the time or used to. ""Sometimes stressful"" is underrated way to say it."
175992785,Pics??????
175992786,"I had to leave home at 7am cuz the apt issue. Couldn’t come back til 12pm. Then had to go shopping for art supplies. Then goto therapy. Got home and took a nap for an hour or two. Then did the video for the advertisement, which took like 2 hours. It’s almost 9pm but I can’t take my meds to goto bed. My Benadryl. Cuz I gotta work on my art. Saturday is the absolute last day I can have it up but if I’m lucky I might could turn it in Friday. Some people are putting theirs up today and even earlier this week. But, I have to get up early for work. Maybe by 7am. If not before. Before I have to drive to another county for work tomorrow. It’s an hour drive there, then an hour back. I have to try to be in the other county by 9 in the morning. I’m exhausted. This is a snapshot of my day. It’s usually how it is everyday."
175992787,"Dear raging vortex, Thanks for posting this. I like going for walks and observing all the little animals and creatures in nature: the ants busy foraging and building their ant hills, the moths and butterflies flying about, the little spiders building their webs, the various birds singing their little songs and swimming in the sky, the squirrels looking for food. It is also nice when walking to feel the wind on my face and the sunshine and to see and smell the beautiful flowers. I hope many people will see and respond to your post with their self care ideas. Best to you. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175992788,"I met the ward pdoc today. It went okay. He wants me to stay here a couple more weeks. I have not heard voices in over a day. I feel clear headed. But we know if I take things too quickly, I will fall backwards again. The pdoc is writing a form to _PERSON_ for functional therapy; helping me with daily tasks so I get back on my feet. So all in all I may be in here for over a month. I am also not talking to my mom for the last 2+ weeks and its helping me to see things clearly cause her denial of problems isn’t infiltrating my head as much. I feel like I am beginning to realize how troublesome the relationship with my parents is. I have no parental figures in my life unfortunately. That I feel I can truly look up to. It hurts."
175992789,Yep...to this. The best thing is info is power....it is all learning and appliable to most of life's processess. Obviously be wary as some therapists dish out some rubbish....thus i have acquired the art of accepting advive in the form of a suggestion....and do likewise. Great post. HT
175992790,I should do the same but I can't resist the candy being locked down on my bed. At least they opened the doors to the lobby and the rest of the bldg.
175992791,Maybe once I’m in a better headspace I could try 40 days without it
175992792,I’m kind of obsessed with my meds too. I wish I wasn’t on them but at the same time I feel stuck if they aren’t changing up. Like if I’m on a low dose it’s not valid? Idk if that makes sense.
175992793,I woke up at 9am for the first time without having to go to work. I went to bed at 11pm. It's great waking up early and having a good sleep.
175992794,No my psychiatrist took me off paxil due to heightened anxiety . I’m now on Zoloft as of yesterday
175992795,"Hi HW Family. I hope you are all having a good day. So I am coming to the end of my CAT (Cognitive Analytical Therapy) next Monday is my last session and I have to see that I have learnt and got more out of this therapy than any other therapy I have done in the past so can highly recommend CAT to you all. Today I saw a new Psychiatrist and the appointment went really well he's completely different to my old Psychiatrist in terms of he believes more in talking therapy than medications. We jointly decided that I was taking to much medication and now that I have done so well in therapy I should be more able to deal with my mental health without all the meds. I am currently taking 15mg Olanzapine, 60mg Prozac and 4mg Valium we decided that I would wean of the Olanzapine first which will be a slow taper over the period of a month gradually reducing the dosage until i'm off it completely. I have another appointment with him in a months time to see how i'm getting on and if all has gone well then I will a
im to stop the Valium which will just leave me on the Prozac but he has a few different alternatives to that which he think may work better for me. So I am aiming to go from 3 medications to 1 I would be lying if I said I wasn't feeling anxious about this but I really won't to do it as I'm sick of taking all these meds. Anyway I will keep you posted over the coming months and fingers crossed I can have a smooth transition. _PERSON_"
175992796,"You’re probably smarter than me, my IQ is on the low side for a PhD so I worked my rear end off to keep from sinking. Got it done though."
175992797,"Hi _NAME_, Wow I totally hear you. Over the past two-3 years I also lost someone very close to me, separated, got a new job and got divorced. It's been a very rough and traumatic road but also trying to focus on the positives. Sometimes you might find some blessings in disguise beneath it all. It's been a slow healing process but, I hope in the long run things will be ok. I am just now getting back to praying more and meditating. I also have a daughter that I share half time with. I don't know what else to do. I guess time will heal? Sincerely Hopeful"
175992798,"_PERSON_ asked me if I could give up Possible trigger: self harm for _PERSON_ . At first I told her no. I thought it was cheating being that I have a year + free but then I talked to two of my friends and one made a good point. She said that I still struggle with it and it is still a daily choice that I have to make. So I am thinking about giving it up for _PERSON_. I'm not sure I can do it though. After doing a year, I'm not sure I can do it. That sounds funny. I hope the hallucinations don't come back because that is a main way of dealing with it. But being on the Latuda along with the Rexulti has really helped the hallucinations. _PERSON_ works wonders! What do you guys think?"
175992799,My pdoc called me last night. He said I can't start Abilify until I'm off of Vraylar completely. Which sucks cause Vraylar has a super long half-life. And he wanted me to try ketamine in the meantime while I wait for the med stuff to get sorted out. But I can't really afford ketamine I don't think. So I don't know what to do. I am really in a pickle right now. I am in a place where my depression is really bad and I can't wait 3 weeks for the Vraylar to get out of my system. I am kinda desperate for ideas.
175992800,"Regarding Buspar, I did try it and it did not help me. Actually it gave a horrible panic/anxiety attack and ended up in urgent care. I couldn't stop shaking, so for me it was awful. Maybe for mild anxiety may work."
175992801,"Morning Slept well and got up early-ish, well, early-ish for me lately. Hopefully, I'll do some yoga this morning, in keeping with my ""move around more"" goals. Hang in there everyone!"
175992802,I think if you keep on not sleeping for a while still you should try to see if you can get an appointment sooner. It's not good to sleep so little.
175992803,I'm working (and have been working) on knitting a beaded scarf. It's hard because of putting the beads on the yarn and so it takes a long time to get very far but I am more than halfway done. It is black variegated yarn with black shimmery iridescent beads. I don't know if I will give it away as a Christmas present or keep it for myself. It has taken me so long to do it but then I think it's too pretty to keep for myself.
174392308,"Hi all, I find few forums online for schizoaffective disorder. I hope to find support here. Thanks for letting me be a part. _NAME_"
175992804,No I haven't
175992805,"Phantoms watching every move I make and communicating with me (could see this being a possibility still, I mean think of a psychic or a clairvoyant for example). People in a cult or secret group spying on me from outside my house (I realize those people were just hallucinations but you never know and can be too careful. Don't be paranoid but be cautious cause some people turn out to be nothing like you think they are from experience). Family and friends trying to work with such secret group and poison me or lead me on that it was all fake to take me out down the road or keep me in ignorance as to spy on me or study me (I know that 99% of people are like snakes. They'll drag you down with them and you gotta rise above them and not let people tell you how to live your life or pacify you into ignorance. However something to this extent is ridiculous I know I was over my own head at the time now). That I came to this world to make a huge impact and shift the entire consciousness of the physical dimensi
on (You never know any one of us has that potential. Not like I'm saying I'm Jesus)."
175992806,"My barometer for how I’m doing is often my tolerance...if someone at the store says I can’t return a forty dollar item because of their policy, I fly off the handle, usually not at them, but clearly attitude of injustice, then it follows me around for awhile and affects my relationships or energy. That’s a good indicator, I’m not in alignment or balanced. It’s time for reflecting on my diet, device use, sleep, addictions, etc. that’s a sign for me to up My meditations I do online ( getting support that way helps to hold me accountable), my journaling, being in nature or near water. Etc. it’s different for everyone. What is it that bring you back to you. What bring you calm in body and mind. Your introspection of how you keep meeting up with your trauma one way or another is great. Noticing our patterns is step one. Asking for help is part of this too. So congrats on both of those. And I’m cheering you on. We are so lucky to have so many inspiring folks out there, comedians, teachers
, fellow meditators as well as flower essences to support systems in me that aren’t balanced for whatever reason ( Covid, health, work) That’s what I know to do. Surround myself with the power of being present and supportive peeps. I have many resources. Please feel free to ask. Some are free and some not so free. Kudos to you for reaching out??"
175992807,hugs. I have found squared breathing to be very helpful. I am allergic to most meds Trying to fall asleep is very hard for me. I agree about CBT and DBT (I have not had these due to where I am located... or the CBT wasn't actually CBT)
175992808,"True. But no matter if I take or if it's a holiday I have to work the full 15 hours somehow during the week. Which i guess is fine. Also, the amount I can make has gone up for next year another 100 or 150 dollars. So has the COLA but I'm actually getting less next year due to more being taken out of my medicare part d."
174392333,"Because this is a nicer place. It's a mixture of people, not all schizophrenic. But a good sign, I gave them the keys to open my drawers and they brought them back to me and said how about if we swap your dressers instead of emptying them and putting them away now. So that's good."
175992809,I feel too depressed and in mental pain so I'm gonna wait until after the Invega Trinza injection to stop the phenibut.
175992810,Lol it's a creep! Or do you have any music playlists that you made public?
175992811,"Hmm. . . If One Listens To Their Body. Psychologically, Physically, And Quietly. Your Body Will Inform You Of What It Appreciates And What It Could Do Without. Yea, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, Doctors And The Rest Have A Way At Analyzing Charts And Graphs. But!, Every Individual Is A Universe In And Of Themselves. Take Friendly, Professional Advice Yes. But!, Lean On The Language And Shadow Of The Body To Find A Full Sense Of Being Healthy. ~P.s. Hope, Trust, True Love, Honesty, Joy, And Endlessly Eternal Peace!.~"
175992812,"So i don’t have sz but have bipolar with psychosis.....I was having trouble with my cognition so I lost a lot of self confidence....I had to do things stepwise....I started learning some basic IT courses online, the A+ and google IT support professional courses....this helped me grow my confidence that I could still go back to school. Importantly I started taking fish oil which really helped my focus and concentration.....I was terrified to go back to school. Just started this January, and everything seems to be going great so far, knock on wood. So why not try some online courses first like through coursera or udemy etc. if you have any sort of cognitive issues at all I would highly recommend fish oil, it really helps. You can do it ?"
175992813,My tv still wasn't fixed. The remote controls aren't working except to turn the TV on. Can't access settings or anything and the screen is very dark. Can't lower the volume or mute it. The SW went back on her word about charging my batteries. And my friend and I didn't go out for drinks mainly because I wasn't feeling too great. Hopefully we can do it another day.
175992814,_AT_MENTION_ I had a dream about succulents last night because of your post about them lol and I've been dreaming about people fighting over toilet paper the past few nights due to all the craziness in the stores lately
175992815,I’m not gonna be on here for awhile. I have a lot of things going on anyway I need to focus on.
175992816,Yes. Id be interested in daily zoom meetings.
175992817,"I had a nice weekend, reading mostly. I'm doing fine on the new meds dosage and am only a little bit sleepier so far. I had a nice visit with my sister on Friday, and the whole family got together on Sunday as usual and had a nice time. No depression over the weekend but this morning I'm a little triggered and having to remind myself I'm not being stalked and it's working. I had a spell of anxiety on Friday, almost an attack but not quite, and I treated it with DBT which worked. (I used a new relaxation I learned from the DBT book I've been reading lately.) I'll practice some again this morning after I finish posting here. Today is chore day--laundry and Swiffering. And I'll practice my drawing in between tasks. Later in the day, I'll read from the DBT book. I hope everyone here has a peaceful day. Hang in there Ceara"
175992818,Can you form a zoom study group or is it easier for you to study by yourself? I've found study groups helpful for some classes and not helpful for others. Plus sometimes I end up teaching the study group and that can be helpful but it's not always ideal. I believe in you. I think you can do this. Don't let your fear get in the way. HUGS kit
175992819,"If I could, I wouldn’t mind being a freelance writer. I mean to be one to make a living wage."
175992820,"I was more referring to the snapchat convo, it seemed that is why _PERSON_ said that on here. But idk , that was my assumption"
175992821,Cat food and napkins. I got the bag of cat food for free cause I had a $7 Extrabucks reward coupon from a previous purchase
175992822,Getting back into the rhythm at work. Not as anxious. School going good. I’m almost done the two courses I was working on. Get three more lined up to take next. Got approved at work to get reimbursed for them so that’s cool. Decided to give up on the gym for a while. I haven’t gone since COVID started and my membership is expiring soon. Buying some at home equipment to workout at home instead. I’m excited!
175992823,I wonder how much weight I've lost. I've not been eating a whole lot.
175992824,Thank you for helping me. My son is 38 now. He was able to manage his mental issues until he was about 28. He is now divorced and doesn't see his children. He is also homeless and lives in CA. It is interesting because a lot of what he says makes sense but there is also a lot that is angry and bizarre. He doesn't seem to be aggressive toward others. He will sometimes tell someone what he thinks than he gets punched in the face. He doesn't read peoples body language well. That doesn't seem to prevent him from saying what he thinks. I feel helpless.
175992825,The first just watching them all over again
175992826,"My doctor said I had ""thought broadcasting"" and that he rarely sees that in his patients. At least I'm interesting, lol. He upped my haldol to 10mg"
175992827,"I love reading your updates/posts, they're very inspiring"
175992828,Yes I do. Would u like me to send it via fb messenger? Or email or? I dont want to post it here in case someone claims it.
175992829,"Yes, I've taken everything, including the fish oil."
174392356,"I think Schizoaffective means detachment from reality and suffering from psychosis, genuine Schizophrenia is a lot like being preyed upon by unseen Perpetrators, or accounts of be Gang Stalked including how the 'voices' respond to your reactions and goad you or they try to install 'triggers' so you can be controlled or traumatised by them, this in a sense would be classified as a mild form of SRA, as in ritualistic abuse aiming at psychological control over the indeed target or recipient. You can see evidence of this within Freemasonry type cults, Mind control Psychological experiments, Child sexual abuse accounts and in Crack dealing networks with their scouts and hole's,and informers. So the basic general dynamic's are always the same by design, that's how you can identify a symptom of a pathological disease as a poised to emotional abuses."
175992830,It is!!!
175992831,They will just stop the harassment if you are compliant with the EH.
175992832,"Voices are so difficult to work with....my pdoc from the time before basically said you need something super engaging to combat them. For me singing worked for some reason as did complex mental imagery. Basically you gotta get your Brain onto something else and it will give a temporary break. You can also try the pick three technique, like if one cool thing doesn’t do it then try three at once ie music tea and coloring ideally appeal to as many of the five senses as you can. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175992833,"thank you for letting me know! I think we can create our own titles somehow, but lwe is fine for now!"
175992834,no not today
175992835,nope. not today
175992836,"Great news SP! That's awesome! I think I got one A- in my master's program and it was in economics. The annoying thing was all my papers, projects, and test scores were A's but the prof gave me a C for participation. I participated every class period but there were a couple of loud mouths in that class that didn't shut up so it was hard to get a word in edgewise. The prof didn't control the topics either so it was always about welfare fraud and I was like there's so much more to economics than welfare fraud peeps! After that class though, I stressed about Finance and Stats and Marketing. But A's. So good for you! I'm glad you are doing well! Keep it up!"
175992837,"Hi guys. Had a nice weekend. But my mood was crap. I keep feeling SUI. I told some people IRL about it though. Not that it helped, but you know, I guess they know so....yeah. I'm trying hard not to SH. My hallucinations have been a little better. Not so intense. See my T tomorrow. _PERSON_"
175992838,Ignore my chem induced bipolar.. _USER_ID_: God I'm a victim of Stockholm syndrome..
175992839,"Okay something else - random flush? I don't know your age, but could you possible be at the age of peri-menopause? Because when I get hot flash (I'm 67), it seems to trigger anxiety - that is, when I feel hot, my mind goes to ""uh oh - I'm getting anxious again"" - when in fact, it's just a hot flash. I tell myself to just ride through it for a few minutes, and when it's over, I realize that's all it was. More On Anxiety Panic Disorders Coping With Holiday Anxiety 5 Ways To Cope With Anxiety That Accompanies Chronic Illness"
175992840,"I had a nice Christmas and now I'm looking forward to tonight, as we say goodbye not only to 2019 but also goodbye to this past decade."
175992841,"Yes, me too! I hate my attention going to my heart beat, I always get very squeamish. He does too I think."
175992842,I'm at work.
174392360,"The clinic I go to has a lot of people on Clozapine, I know a few and they do very well on it when nothing else helped them"
175992843,"I’m sure that’s not a reason to break up with you, but he probably needs to stay away for a bit due to covid......"
175992844,"I'm curious.... What do you think is the range of alone time per week that normal people would find acceptable? I have been very lately due to what are probably normal demands on my time from others. I never quite know how to say, ""I need five consecutive days away from all humanity so that my soul can feel alive again."" Like most people work all day with other people and then go home and have families they have to interact with until they sleep....and they like it. That's...that's something."
175992845,"Sorry you are freezing _AT_MENTION_! I can't get the right temperature in my office. I'm wearing a tank top, a short sleeved tee-shirt, a long sleeved tee shirt, then I did have on a sweatshirt, and then I had a hoodie that I had taken off this morning. So I took off the sweatshirt, but then it's too cold, so then I turned my heater on. It's like some sort of game where I can't find the right temperature!"
175992846,"Also I had my first shift of tutoring today, which was good. I helped people."
175992847,Never made bread before and don't have the proper pan for it. I do have a cake pan though and also a brownie pan so I was thinking maybe a cake or some kind of pumpkin bars
175992848,Water....
175992849,"1800mg is the regular dose for acute control of mania apparently, just did some research on that. But that's way over the top considering what you weighed."
174392361,"Yes yes. _PERSON_ 1984 was a book I tried to read out of high school, un-medicated for my Schizoaffective and Bipolar stuff, and the book scared the ever living $#%^ out of me. I see it being listed and advertised to me as an audio book, but like, I don't know, I don't think I could do it. Like, it's considered science fiction, but if like, Amazon's website or Barnes and Noble's listed it under horror, I'd be okay with that."
175992850,"Hi, I have not used the med you mentioned but was taking Lovastatin for years and it did not really lower the cholesterol to great levels. No side effects. Now, I take Atorvastatin 20 mg (for like a year) and no side effects and my numbers are really good now. I have also read a lot of bad stuff about statins but I think that for most people they work okay. Good luck!"
175992851,Have been dealing with anxiety for more than 15 years. Have been up and down on several meds . Unfortunately they poop out on me after some time. Recently switched from effexor to Cymbalta one month ago. Was on 90mg for three weeks and felt great. This past week things turned again. Dr increased me to 120mg two days ago. Was wondering if anyone had the same thing happen with Cymbalta ? Tired of the roller coaster. Need to level out already !
175992852,"Just thought about that because I’m personally afraid of fires starting but also, it’s automatic with it being in the wall and lasts awhile. So I don’t gotta mess with anything except changing the refill out every so often. Like every 2 weeks or so. It would depend on how much your house smells or maybe doesn’t smell that much. I have 3 pets sooooo"
175992853,Just the paranoia could last a few days not the high lol
175992854,I’m feeling hyper this morning. I feel amazing! Think I’m a bit hypomanic now. At least I’m able to get work done and I’m not manic.
175992855,"If you have no highs or lows, do you think you are anxiety and panic? More On Chronic Illness 6 Reasons To Try Acupuncture Do I Have To Feel Guilty When I Feel Okay?"
175992856,"I am glad it went well Rich... Anticipating an event can become overwhelming. Anxiety stinks. But remember we are always here for you. And you are stronger than you think. How was the dog? I hope good. Take care and have a good night... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992857,Pumpkin pie
175992858,That sounds magical....just from the title....
175992859,"_PERSON_, Take as much time as you need r.n. You and your family are going through a lot at the moment...and you need to prioritize your focus on your folks and your own health. Ongoing prayers for all of you! I do feel for and admire you for handling all that you are so well currently! MMB, Wow! Good on you for all of your volunteer jobs. You are truly giving to your community, as well as doing something beneficial for your health...bravo! Enjoy your games today. Go Patriots...my hubs is from ME too! S.C."
175992860,Story of Seasons: Friends of Mineral Town Omg such a great game. Kinda like stardew valley but none of the pixelated/8bit graphics.
175992861,_PERSON_ - Wait for You
175992862,"The anime fan? Somehow, ""Mississippi"", and, ""anime fan"", don't seem like tags it would be possible to draw from the same fish bowl. ""Sass and poop"" (8> Grew up with lutino parakeets. They sure knew how to make a mess!"
174392376,"125mg would get me high 25 times. I'm EXTREMELY sensitive to weed.. Especially edibles.. 5mg gets me really stoned.. I find it unpleasant although I have really cool thoughts and ideas.. But everyones different - Also depending on the time of day, your set (Mind state - Like how your thoughts and feelings are, etc) and setting (Environment, lighting, air temperature). It's a very spiritual thing.. And over time, people smoke joints like cigarettes every day. Like 15 of them a day. Edibles are debated to be like a psychedelic because the THC converts into a certain type (I forget what it's called) but it's 7x or something more potent than smoked THC and has psychedelic effects, agonizing 5HT2A receptors. Your antipsychotics antagonize 5HT2A receptors so it's possible that you sort of had a psychedelic experience and then need a couple of days for your tolerance to go down so you can be high again. It does increase dopamine too which makes you focused, feel good, does things with appetite, etc.. It t
akes 2 weeks for dopamine to recharge after a couple months worth of using - Two years or more for long term use.. Also, address your psychological pain! Spirits, psychosis, trauma, etc.. Weed can be interesting but not good if you're trying to stabilize yourself on antipsychotics. Even I tell myself this.. I'm like ""Man I can smoke weed I don't have schizophrenia"" and then I go psychotic and while high I'm like ""Oh **** I feel sort of autistic like I'm God and I'm going to die.. I'm panicking.."".. Sometimes weed helps me focus and relax.. It just depends on my set and setting.. My mom says not to smoke weed but sometimes I believe she's apart of the conspiracy or just went along with the schizophrenia label and there's something deeper that I think of.. Like everything can be analyzed and philosophical - Right or wrong - It doesn't matter.. We can do what we want although there's consequences.. Life happens. We get high, we cry, we die then we fly."
175992863,I've been feeling brain fog as well even on the Vyvanse. Phenibut helped for a day or two but now it's back again.
175992864,Got the coop
175992865,I dont think I'm gonna go actually. I got too much stuff to do plus I'm tired. I'll go in January.
175992866,Lunch is coming up in a little while. Right now I am just drinking some Iced Tea. I'll probably go through both of my spare bottles of Iced Tea today. I'm thirsty and on an Iced Tea kick.
175992867,Yay!!! So proud of you!
175992868,"Do you have OCD? I have similar issues because of my OCD. I am constantly afraid of dying in one way or another depending on what my current ""obsession"" is. I've been this way for years and it definitely sucks. Right now I am extremely stressed about dying from rabies but in the past, it has been lymphoma, a degenerative brain disease, and the apocalypse in general. I also have no motivation. I can hardly get myself to do anything. I just go to work and come home and sit on the couch. Right now my goal is just to eat 3 meals a day and drink enough water. Also, I'm also into quantum physics and it is weird, haha."
175992869,"Everybody must start somewhere. How does a person with a reading disability become a self-professed philosopher? Maybe it's arrogance, but I do have a grasp on the subject."
175992870,"_AT_MENTION_, I'm glad you're having a good day!"
175992871,"I'm tired from the xanax I took. I tried to cat nap at work but every single time I would lay my head down the phone would ring or someone would need me. It was all stupid stuff too, nothing important. I thought about taking 1/2 a day off and going home to sleep but thought better of it. Now I'm not even trying to cat nap but my eyes are so tired."
175992872,I feel my therapist controlling my mind I know it...this is evil. Pure evil.
175992873,"Sounds like psychosis to me, are you seeing a psychiatrist and did you tell them about the voices? My bipolar started with stress induced psychosis....."
175992874,my anxiety and depression. Looking for any advice/support for anyone who is also going through this or has experienced this issue.
175992875,Some almond milk
175992876,Me too! I've never done the narcolepsy part.
175992877,Same thing happened to me.
175992878,Idk wtf to do physically or mentally what does that mean? Is it boredom? But I have so much I can do? Am I supposed to sleep at this time because I woke up early? I have no idea
175992879,This really warmed my heart. Please have a great new year.
175992880,"Yes, I did this morning."
175992881,"Hi Rich, I am sorry for what you are going through. Yes, you are right BREATHE... Smell the roses and blow out the candles. That is what I do. Can you hold the dog while the plumbers are there? Is the dog small enough? Maybe it would calm the dog down. It sounds like the dog is anxious too. I have a large dog and she causes me anxiety at times. She is very hyper. But they tend to pick up on our emotions at times. The dog I had before this had separation anxiety. If I had to go somewhere I would get anxious because of the way she acted when I would try to leave the house, she would pick up on that anxiety and we fed off of each others. Crazy, but true. You said the other days worked out fine, I imagine this one will also. You have a good idea about asking them how long the water will be off. I hope it works out well. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175992882,"Folks have been arguing about this issue forever. Actually, we have two issues 1. Change from the original (patent protected) version to a generic. 2. Differences between generics (one manufacturer versus another) Note also that while the active ingredient of a 'pill' may well be the same, the formulation (of the pill) by different manufacturers may be different. The FDA is supposed to certify generics and the plants where they are made, but may not always do the job, unfortunately. As an aside, I take three prescription drugs (for cardiac issues) and have not noticed a difference when the insurance system forced a change from the original (non-generic) forms to generic ones, other than the shape or color of the pills."
175992883,Had a bad vacation experience as well lately. Had booked the trip way in advance to my youngest son's passing to my most favorite beach in the world. Well my grief and anxiety followed me and now I have no desire to ever return again. My husband got bit up with sand flies in bed our second night there. The itch was uncontrollable and non responsive to any treatments. We got upgraded to a posh Villa but it did not bring peace. I too need a vacation from vacation. Not hijacking your post....just commiserating. All my best Weary
174392408,"I recovered from a major psychosis last year. I had never been through anything like it before and never expected to ever go through something like it. This here is a list of things I thought/believed while in my psychosis: 1. The main delusion was that I believed people were watching me somehow. At first I thought people were just watching me through my webcam and/or cell phone camera. Then it evolved into me believing there were cameras in the walls ALL OVER my house. Then my delusions got much bigger - I thought perhaps there was a satellite camera in space capturing my every move. I had classic ""_NAME_ Show"" Syndrome. Like the movie The _NAME_ Show, I believed my life was a sort of television show and that people had been watching me every day for years. 2. At first I thought only one person was stalking me - and then wanting to kill me for some reason. Then it evolved into thinking the ILLUMINATI was targeting me. Or perhaps some kind of murder group on the Dark Web. 3. I was a member of a d
ifferent Internet forum. I became convinced the members of this forum were not who they claimed to be. I thought the forum was a ""front"" for something more evil and sinister. Again, either Dark Web stuff or Illuminati or something evil. 4. I became convinced that THE ENTIRE INTERNET was devoted to watching my life unfold and that everything written in the media and shown on TV -- commercials, shows, news, etc -- was CRYPTICALLY about me. I began seeing the number ""12"" everywhere and was convinced ""12"" was a secret Illuminati code number. This was so weird that to this day, I still get worried when I see someone say ""12"" online. 5. I thought that _NAME_ was like an avatar being used to represent me, and that I was the real President of the United States, and that every move I made dictated how the world stage was going to unfold. 6. I thought that comic strips and newspaper articles cryptically were created to speak of and talk about me. 7. Biggest delusion -- I thought someone, or a group of people, s
nuck into my room at night, chloroformed me while I was asleep, and injected me with millions of cancer cells while I slept. I thought I had cancer growing in my body. Brain cancer, lung cancer, male breast cancer, testicular cancer - I thought I was going to get it all. And I thought it was going to start showing itself in the springtime -- when it started to get warm and hot outside. I was deathly afraid that heat was going to cause cancer to pop out of my body - that I would get sick and die in the summer months, be dead by fall. I was convinced that people on the internet everywhere knew this and were cryptically talking about it. 8. I thought my family were aliens from outer space intent to kill me. 9. I thought I had ""handlers"" that followed me everywhere I went, and lived on my street in a different house (I never knew which one). There's other stuff, but I can't think of it all, and it's been awhile since I had these delusions. I had no health insurance and wanted to get checked out by a doctor. I c
ommitted myself to a mental hospital last year and stayed only a week. I was prescribed Abilify and Prozac (later Rexulti instead of Abilify). MY DELUSIONS WENT AWAY. Not in the hospital, but after I came home. Strangely, they seemed to get better once I started the Prozac. I never believed I was crazy. I didn't expect psychiatry to work. BUT IT DID. And I'm a sane person again today."
175992884,"Good morning. In a perfect, addiction-free, world I'd feel almost like my pre-OCD/GAD self on low dose lorazepam. I just don't want to deal with long-term use and future discontinuation. That said, I have just this week tried cannabis lozenges and MCT oil from a my medical marijuana dispensary. So far, the MCT oil (Kush based) has been pretty amazing. I started with the recommended low dosage, so a slight ""high"", but overall has made me feel happier, less anxious, and more positive. Next, will purchase an MCT oil which is about 75/25 CBD/THC. Might be the ticket as I hope it gives me the relief without the high. Will update in a few weeks when I try it. But right now the medical marijuana seems to be working for me."
175992885,"Well, actually got out on the bike for the first time in probably weeks. 25 miles. I normally do about 150 miles or so a week, but it has been nothing since I have been feeling so crappy. So not good for me. I was incredibly slow and my breathing sucked, but hey, at least I did something besides sit in my chair and feel shi**y. Maybe I can write a little before bed. That would make this a really good day for me."
175992886,****ing psychiatrist ****ing healthcare system ****ing pharmacy ****ing POISON ****ing drugs ****ing brain chemistry ****.
174392425,"Yes, the ongoing battle is wearying. HUGS Kit"
175992887,"YouTube Found this podcast on people who complain too much, going to try some of the tips...."
175992888,I do like plants though I just don't really know much about them apart from what I know from biology class in high school.
175992889,Does anyone hear voices and believe them to be a Cia entity. I believe the government is trying to control by using air wave and frequencys that your mind responds to to control political interest. If anyone has any input please lets hear.
175992890,_AT_MENTION_ does it go away?
175992891,"Yeah the thing is it controls my positive symptoms well. Abilify for the negative symptoms and severe depression. I should maybe not be so hasty this time about going off of olanzapine. Probably not to be honest. Last time I went off of it, it was quite nasty. And last time I went off of Abilify it was also quite nasty. These were all changes my past psychiatrist wanted to make. I don't know why. Just to cause trouble I guess. Seems like Klonopin was causing my severe depression lately too. So that's great. At least I know now."
175992892,Going on another walk later
174392434,thanks bb I know it'll work itself out I just get anxious about new medication
175992893,If you’re not having trouble sleeping I see no reason to quit tbh.
175992894,"Yup, took meds today."
175992895,Ugh just turned in the first part of my assignment....it took forever...my writing is nothing like the other students language wise so I hope that doesn’t count against me.
175992896,Thank you!
175992897,I contacted amazon. They couldnt help me. All they did was give me a 5 dollar gift card. This really upsets me.
175992898,The nurse called and scheduled my first abilify injection for next week Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175992899,"Also (some eating disorder talk) Possible trigger: I haven't eaten anything so far today and I don't want to eat I just want to eat as little as possible and lose tonnes of weight, like somehow that's going to make things better..."
175992900,"My biggest fear is that I'll be full blown psychotic after I die. Isn't that where if you're dead, you've completely lost connection with reality? Or is the afterlife whatever we imagine, based on reality? I'm also afraid of going psychotic BEFORE I die. Which will increase the possibility of being psychotic after I die."
175992901,Christmas in July.....been watching hallmark lol
175992902,"I want to go back to Argentina. However, I don't think my therapist thinks it's a good idea. Anyway, I'll probably talk to her about it this week. _USER_ID_: Eh, probably not. Too depressed to do that."
175992903,I love pumpkin pie!
175992904,"I also feel like it's very obvious to others and I have thought about this a lot. When I was going through the worst of my anxiety struggles and felt nervous all the time I felt like I didn't want anybody to know. I couldn't keep still ever and was always fiddling with my hair. I used to think everyone knew and I tried so hard to act normal. When I finally came out and told my partner about the way I was feeling, I asked him if had any idea I was feeling so bad and he said no, he thought I was fine. It still baffles me now how I could have been suffering the worst I ever had and yet I'd appeared normal and nobody noticed! However, I do feel like maybe those who are perceptive, or have anxiety themselves may have noticed."
175992905,Thank you _NAME_ !
175992906,I'd say get it. You've been doing a lot of painting and you're so good at it.
175992907,I’m so incredibly proud of fiancé. I learned more about his job and it’s ever so slightly similar to what my dad did for 45 years. At least it’s the same field. _PERSON_ is working in telecommunications as a data technician! 16/hr. His old grocery store job was 11/hr. I’m so incredibly happy for him.
175992908,Have spongebob on
175992909,Yeah I get it. Life has that effect. I think my phone felt left out for awhile lol I was really busy I didn’t have time for much else.
175992910,Couldn't read the magazine. My eyes were jotting all over the page because of derealization. I had a panic attack and then went to sleep. ****'s sake
175992911,Thank you for your reply. Will do.
175992912,Delusions…do not believe that stuff!
175992913,I just took one
175992914,Yes but ugh idk this just sucks. A lot.
174392462,I have been diagnosed with schizophrenia. Yes
175992915,"SP, How much DHA and EPA is in your fish oil supplement? I'm shopping and trying to find a good one"
175992916,"Don't be sorry, we're all friends here, we care about one another I hope maybe the anxiety med helps you"
175992917,"This is going to sound weird, but now that it's been so long that I haven't felt pleasure, or moved by music the way I use to long ago, im at the place in my life where I knew I would be a couple years ago. I fought anhedonia for so long, and now im complacent, and at least im not suffering, at least im not worried as much about professors, at least im moving on. With great pleasure came great depression. My mind is clearer and im able to think and create better in a way than I would have been suffering about professors. That was awful for me to constantly worry about."
175992918,I am so sorry you were misdiagnosed and struggled all those years Hopefully you’re on the right track with your healing I don’t see myself taking the klonopin long term as my dr told me she is only keeping me on them short term. I’m glad I have them because if I didn’t I’m not sure I’d be where I’m at today. I don’t think I could have made it through all of these side effects and increased anxiety. I tried for so long to do it without taking the benzo but it was really wearing me down
175992919,"Oh, dear girl. I am right there with you. I drank too much wine last night, and have spent the day with the most depressing thoughts going through my head. It didn't help to wake up with my coffee to read the news. So much horror going on the the world. I did not drink anything today, and I plan on going to bed sober tonight. I easily am affected by alcohol with my underlying depression to begin with. I wish you well and hope you can join me in efforts to avoid the alcohol. I do hope things will look up for you, Sincerely, _NAME_"
175992920,Looking at home decor on amazon. Still haven't gotten around to decorating my apartment since I moved in
175992921,I'm gonna keep stable. That's all I can do. It's too sad to cry.
175992922,"Well, if you like to photograph flowers, Hawaii is a must. Preferably, Kauai, which is the most lush of the islands, geernally speaking. Stunning waterfalls, too. The Napali Coast--google it.. Beyond breathtaking. _NAME_ and the West Maui Mountains, parts of Oahu are also spectac. My fave is actually the Big Island, because I grew up around volcanoes and love them. Actually had the great privilege of watching Mt. St. Helens erupt from my front yard one sunny Sunday morning. Not into cameras then, sadly... Oh well, it just would have been destroyed by all the ash probably, so...."
175992923,APs help with irritation....are you withdrawing...?
175992924,_USER_ID_ cereal
175992925,His a s s is PHAT
175992926,Also does anyone know how long it takes fish oil to kick in?
175992927,I can’t sleep. I’m agitated and upset cuz I don’t have nicotine.
175992928,I think this is what happened. I suspect this more than anything.
175992929,Just drinking some black coffee tonight. Not sure why I gravitate towards coffee at night instead of alcohol. Probably because I've had a bad time with alcohol in the past.
175992930,Oh that sounds soooooo gooooood.
175992931,Don’t do anything drastic like starve yourself or anything. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175992932,"_PERSON_, that's what you'd think but they are very slow to treat things and use crappy stuff when they finally do. Everything is depressing here at best. I want my own home."
175992933,_NAME_ Starry eyed YouTube
175992934,https://hearingvoicesofsupport.org/_NAME_-story _NAME_ explains why it's important for all parties to remain calm and collected in order to humanely treat someone in crisis.
175992935,"Took a small nap. I'm feeling pretty good today, just kinda bored."
175992936,"Made my sister/family's Christmas card, best friends is done, so just one more to do"
175992937,Over here we've been told italy is about 2 weeks ahead in terms of virus outbreak. Our prime minister said he thinks we can start to turn the tide against the coronavirus in 12 weeks if we all follow the guidance. I've heard so many different things when it comes to how long its gonna take to get back to normal. Some say months and some say years.
175992938,"So far the deaths have all been in thc users but that doesn’t mean it’s cant happen with a normal vape if it has the same component, I’m just saying watch out for it."
175992939,"We watched the movie Life (_NAME_), really enjoyed it"
175992940,"In a way you present it as gosh awful. But if you read it, and not read your emotions, it actually seems like a lot of good. One, he did call back. It’s taken seems like about a week. But it was oh so important. Second, he has a good plan, it seems. He’s not giving up on the Prozac, an anti-depressant that helps with anxiety net says, because he increased it from 60 mg. to 80 mg. And he’s increased the Buspar (net says anti-anxiety) from 10 mg. once a day to 10 mg. twice a day. You know, both of those are cause for celebration to me. You said about the Prozac: “dreading this increase. 80 mg is the max dose of Prozac. I'm not having end of world panic attacks. So I think it's working for that, but I don't know if it's working for the other things.” So the “Not having end of the world panic attacks. So I think it’s working for that.” You said in your first post that you were on 60 mg. of Prozac but were still having anxiety attacks. Since you’ve been on Buspar anti-anxiety, starting 
at 10 mg. 6 weeks ago, you haven’t had any anxiety attacks, so that combination seems to be working. Since first taking Buspar on 10-7-2020, you said on 10-8, “Did I feel anxiety (the next day), was my brain thinking of 20 random things at the same time, was agitated at all... Can't say I was” On 10-21, after on Buspar for 2 weeks, you said, “I'm sort of reluctant to stop it (Buspar) completely bc things aren't crazy busy in my brain. I'm sort of feeling... indifferent to anxieties or stressors. I know they are there and I know normally I'd be getting upset but now I'm just sort of like... Oh well, let's see how this pans out.” On 11-8, “I'm not sure how I'm doing. My anxiety is... A low but audible roar this past week.” So, now, on 11-20, you said the psychiatrist just called you today and wants you to increase the Prozac from 60 to 80 mg., and the Buspar from 10 mg. a day to 20 mg. a day. So, I think this sounds good. The things that are working for you he wants you to increase. Your panic att
acks are not there since you added the Buspar to the Prozac, and the anxiety is a “low but audible roar this past week.” So, you’re getting closer to where you want to be. I may have read that it’s the combination of those two medicines that can help. You said, “Is me seeking medication relief the lazy way out of this? Should I be more dependent on ME controlling my brain?” No. You’re doing just the right thing, in my view. Your doctor is just encouraging you to take the medicine so you will be less cranky and you will be easier to get along with. We don’t want to drive people away. You responded to your doctor’s reply in your latest post, “What?!? What kind of answer is that?!? I don't understand. I don't even understand myself lately, I guess.” _PERSON_, we are so proud of you and your doctor. 123"
175992941,I noticed that we're always doing things in the summer. I'm an internet addict tho
175992942,"I thought of an entrepreneur type thought and I call it ""The song factory"". Kind of like a facebook thing with messenger where song artists can contact people and finish songs for them or each other. People write songs and known artists or underground ones make them into sound. I googled ""The song factory"" and it's a webpage for country song news.. Not quite what my idea was..."
175992943,Love it 12am!
175992944,_PERSON_ - YouTube
175992945,The thorazine?
175992946,Different reptiles and arachnids come with different care guides. Would the zombies come with care sheets? And can they be house trained?
175992947,"That's exactly what I had for breakfast, wheat toast w/o butter and 2 scrambled eggs, some black coffee. You're doing great!"
174392513,"Hello jc77.I have been on Abilify for 8 months.I started out with 2 mgs per day and it got to a point that I wanted to crawl out of my skin..After going through multiple meds to go with the Lamotrigine ,the Abilify was like a last resort.My pharmacist told me to cut the 2 mgs into 4 sections and take one section until I can tolerate it and then continue going up.It would take about three weeks on each quarter of 2 mgs for my body to adjust to that dose .After about 12 weeks I was finally able to take 2 mgs per day and feel good.I have never felt better than now with the 300 mgs of Lamotrigine and 2 mgs of Abilify.It was certainly worth the time and effort to let my body slowly adjust to the Abilify,Good luck and I hope you find the proper cocktail of meds for you."
175992948,"I dont know. That's just it. I moved here like 2 years ago, and I really dont know this area well."
175992949,Tried to take a nap because I'm tired but couldn't fall asleep so just laid there for an hour
175992950,Yes I love it....
175992951,I take my med at night. I sleep really well and am awake all day.
175992952,I’ve been playing drums since I was 9. I’m self taught and play by ear. I was in a band once
175992953,"U r so sweet, _PERSON_--thanks"
175992954,a frozen banana
175992955,Graveyard Keeper is so strange but fun. It's like Stardew Valley but you're running a graveyard
175992956,Have u heard of the new _NAME_ app that is like pokemon go?
175992957,"Trigger warning, this is graphic, Sui Possible trigger: I get visualizations of me stabbing myself in the face"
175992958,Yea less added sugar is better it plays havoc with the immune system.
175992959,You are still smart cookie. You write well!
175992960,Thanks!
175992961,"Where can I take some tests? I mean any kind of mental health test. I know I don’t have aspergers or anything like that, but I wanna take like a depression test or other tests."
175992962,That’s great
175992963,"Hi, I got art supplies yesterday. We even went to target and I got some new clothes and shoes. Sometimes I feel like people are staring at me when I go to stores because sometimes it obvious that I am different. It makes me feel bad. My mon told me not to worry about it and that it’s part of accepting myself. I kinda wish I was more normal sometimes. But I love my new shoes and art supplies. Today is going to be a quiet day then I have work and therapy this weekend. Attached Images B27204C5-4E85-40ED-A4A6-627AFCD9F201.jpg (538.4 KB, 6 views)"
175992964,"Aren’t you writing books? That’s valuable, especially if sharing your story stops it from happening to someone else in the future or helps them with their path."
175992965,Velveeta and shells
175992966,I have no idea why my pictures always turn out sideways on PC but oh well!
175992967,I feel bad and depressed. No motivation for anything
175992968,"I'll check it out, thanks"
175992969,"The metformin is going to desensitize your insulin receptors so you'll process sugar better (Lower blood-sugar levels) - Over time, it will go to fat storage and you'll feel more physical and mental energy like ketosis. Idk"
175992970,"Just watched The Grinch (2018) Never seen that version before, really liked it"
175992971,When Is Easter Sunday 2021? - How Easter's Date Is Determined | The Old Farmer's Almanac
175992972,"I'm just tired today. I don't think I am having any delusions. I think my hallucinations have been pretty good. Pretty infrequent. I shouldn't be tired since I sleep all the time. I cleaned one bookcase shelf yesterday. Yeah, accomplishment!"
175992973,"Today was a long day and I am tired. Then again, I am tired almost every day. I have chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia so it's easy for me to get tired."
175992974,The guy before me quit on the first day. I lasted 3 days until I decided that I'd just get more suicidal thoughts being around him any more.
175992975,That’s awesome!!!
175992976,"I'm always amazed when someone knows what I'm talking their ear off about. A curse is a misunderstood blessing. My misunderstood blessing is being one of those people that is prone to seeing everything as a potential confrontation, but don't worry lol I'm never going to run for president or anything. I prefer being a total anarchist. Good point about anxiety keeping the mind active, that's what my aggression does. I've learned how to channel it. Thank ****, I need **** to do. Nobody likes being insufferable bored, depressed, or whatever they go through. My mind got a reset in November, I'm still adjusting to it all. You'd be interested to hear about it, now that I think about it, a lot happened that day. Pretty transcendent, I don't know how else to describe it. Life is like being asleep, and it's one hell of an experience when you truly wake up. I'm not left or right, either. It's all about power in the end, that's the bottom line. Sometimes, people have to break so they can realize that what was 
broken was a trap, and that now they can free themselves."
175992977,Hallucinating this afternoon. Mom said it's because of the med change and it'll go away. I hope she's right
175992978,I'll do it eventually when I get up enough nerve. It's just that the further I go on the bus the more anxiety I get about possibly missing my stop or getting off at the wrong place
175992979,Chicken salad with green bell pepper
174392547,"Abilify is a pretty weak AP, if you swapped it for something stronger that could be it, I’d call the pdoc."
175992980,"I like guided meditations, where you have an audio file that tells you what to imagine and how to breathe and such."
175992981,_NAME_ Christmas album Warmer in the Winter
175992982,"Sorry about being so absent lately. I've been fine, just bored. Haven't seen my therapist because quarantine. My psychiatrists office opened up on the 28th of April so I will be seeing him Tuesday."
175992983,"Haha! I have duck boots too, at my apartment."
175992984,I just bought a computer. Should come today.
175992985,I had scalloped potatoes and ham for lunch with apple sauce and peach cobbler. Leftovers from last night.
175992986,I would just say what you said about your goals not aligning and that you don’t want to continue your sessions
175992987,"Oh God the economy and coronavirus.. But I'm feeling better now after being hit really hard with a form of moderate short term depression.. Laying in bed with the lights off and feeling horrible. It took 2-3 days to bounce back but I want to learn more now and enjoy myself, meditate.. Do things like BB is doing.. It's hard.. Deep down just struggling and then relapsing into depression shortly and picking myself back up.. Constant obstacles in my way whenever I start to get the hang of flow.."
175992988,Few clicks on Amazon and I will have this delivered to me next week for 30 dollars (30 day med box); That way my mom can monitor what I take monthly instead of weekly.
175992989,Oh no. My work is in a building that used to be a nursing home in the 60s and before. Every single door you have to open by hand with a key. It's really annoying. Especially when you have to go down multiple wings. I basically keep my keys in my right hand all the time like everyone else.
175992990,My mom offered to buy me food. But she kept saying she doesn’t wanna give me money but to send her my Walmart grocery account username and all that. Lmao no. I can’t tell you how many times her and especially her husband offer me to pay for things for me but they don’t wanna give me the money nor their card number. They want my account details. Even tho I have no past history with them ordering shyt from their credit card or anything like that. Not even with my dad or fiancé. Or anybody! Her offers always come with stipulations.
175992991,"That's awesome, I still need to get that. Maybe I will next month"
175992992,"I’m changing it with amazon, I gotta do some tweaking in the book settings."
175992993,"I'm gonna postpone my 3 day water fast before I start keto because things are finally starting to make sense to/for me. I'll do water fast after I do maybe a month of keto! I plan to do keto for life maybe but I'll see how this goes and if there's any evidence that keto is bad (Which I think it unlikely), I'll be changing how I eat anyways (Little sugar). Cuz I don't want diabetes due to insulin sensitivity etc.. Which might be too late to fix although I can't say that.. I need to be optimistic! (Non-overweight people can get diabetes too..). The fish oil pills are working @ SP! Or somethings working.."
175992994,"Went to sleep at 5am last night. Not good, I'm doing bad lately. Lots of voices and delusions. Scared to go see my doc because my insurance is being weird and not cooperating lately"
175992995,I dont feel well. My stomach hurts a bit. It's either the coffee or the mix of coffee and meds in my stomach.
175992996,Ah I get it. Always remember I give ****** advice but I’m always here to support you if you wanted to talk
175992997,"I've been waiting for like over 2 weeks for my editor to read a 30 page story it would literally take 20 minutes lol I've been making notes, and I have a few ideas for the story. The cover is completely finished. All I need to do is update the manuscript and Done!"
175992998,.
175992999,"Aestheticism is a big one for me, especially these days when isolation is practically being sanctioned by the government. Less distraction. More room to dream."
174392582,"Breaking Dawn, hopefully, time will heal. I feel your pain and hope that your situation improves!!"
175993000,I also realized the other day that I have a ton less anxiety when fiancé is here at home. My watch seems to show that my heart rate is higher when I’m home alone and more normal when he’s home.
175993001,I am in a similar situation. I have major depressive disorder and my husband makes me feel worse. He is not sympathetic or compassionate. He gaslights me by saying that I have caused the issues in our marriage; yet he is verbally abusive and makes me feel worse then I beat up myself for being in this situation. I don’t have any family / friends around and he is always the victim. He is emotionally abusive and has a sex addiction. We live as roommates. On Christmas morning he told me that he wants a divorce. What hurt me more is that I didn’t have the courage to divorce him before he made his announcement. Two days later he wants to work on things; probably because I didn’t’t beg him to stay - I just said ok.
175993002,I hope you are feeling better.
175993003,Did you recently start a new med or change a dose or anything?
175993004,Happy days all
175993005,Happy birthday _PERSON_!
175993006,Can't sleep....again
175993007,"Yes, exactly. I don't think it's physical, unless you feel very fatigued. Anemia? Low protein? See a doctor to rule all that out if it's really bothering you. Are you on any meds? SSRI's make my avolition worse. Some good signs that it's not all lost. Do you ever have isolated moments when you feel ambitious or are able to get engaged in things? If even for a short time? If so, try to figure out why. Work backwards and try to think of any triggers (good triggers) that gave you this ambition. What do you think put you in that state of mind? Proper sleep hygiene is important. Are you getting enough sleep? When I'm backed up on sleep it makes all these symptoms worse. For me, what sucks is that when I'm at work I think about all the stuff I want to do and get very psyched up about doing them. Then when I get home.....nothing. It's like there's something in the air. I've been trying to use the law of inertia: things in motion tend to stay in motion. Doing stuff even when I don't feel like it, hoping so
mething will click. Keep fighting it. I think if you don't fight it, it will get worse."
175993008,Yes I did too
175993009,"Playing a lot of Stardew Valley lately, it's fall in my game now so I'm growing pumpkins ?"
175993010,https://imgur.com/CRZIXkW
175993011,"hi everyone! Got this cool tiny pumpkin at Target for like $3. I took it into work and set it on my computer tower! I didn't used to like Halloween but after a couple of years of working at my Church's Trunk or Treat I started to actually like Halloween. This is the first Halloween thing I have bought except for like candy. Attached Images pumpkin.jpg (171.0 KB, 8 views)"
175993012,"Yes but just about everything in society programs us to believe the opposite. ""Oh! I want those shoes!"" has become ""Oh! I need those shoes!"" We're urged to go to the gym so we might become fukable to some unobtainable celebrity. I think much of this depression comes from the incongruity between what the little voice inside out head tells us we want and what the internet/government/happy Facebook people tell us we want. Unless you dress in a barrel and go live off the grid, it's inescapable."
175993013,"I don't actually like toilet humor, I believe it's more of a male thing. I just couldn't resist putting the theme together after the first sentence. That yodeling is ######6 mindblowing! ^ 10/5 Stars: Manly"
175993014,What you did is perfectly understandable. There is so much going on right now. I would not like to fly during this time either. Flying itself can be scary. All of these factor into your mental health. It's okay to feel scared; you shouldn't feel obligated to do anything if you're not in a good place. It's good to put yourself first every one in a while.
175993015,Nobody should study philosophy. It's just navel-gazing with attached fancy names for people who want to seem erudite. There's nothing and everything wrong with not caring. It can be a torment to watch the world peeing itself over things so mundane that they make you want to slip into a coma.
175993016,Every day.
175993017,"I'm hoping to lose 30 pounds with eating healthy, exercising, and metformin."
175993018,A swim
175993019,I get thought inserting from my close family sometimes.
175993020,They recommended a couple but they were kind of eh and not quite working how I wanted them to. But I finally went back to some I tried ages ago but wasn't working and got it to work. Reinstalling and fiddling with settings worked!
175993021,Meditated for an hour. Going to read some now. Hopefully tomorrow will be a productive day like today was.
175993022,Well I got my abilify injection Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175993023,That does sound scary. So sorry that happened to you. How are you feeling right now?
175993024,"Took my night meds. 50mg seroquel, 50mg atenolol, 25mg CBD, 10mg melatonin, 2 fish oils and 0.5mg xanax. Be it to me 2 name my meds cuz I'm a little addict psycho (;"
175993025,Luckily I fell asleep again....
175993026,have more php stuff today.. I started at 8:45 am... will be done at 3:00
175993027,Hmm.. My mom wants me to pull weeds out of the yard today. First I have to go to the doctor.. pick up my prescriptions.. go get a gym membership.. talk to my college counsellor about my courses.. buy hair gel.. buy toiletries.. then talk to people and drink coffee maybe (Although Idk if I should drink more coffee if I'm on vyvanse and stayed up all night).. Then I might go for a run in the evening and after learn how to extract dmt from root bark for educational purposes if I'm not sleeping by then..
175993028,I actually haven’t had any panic attacks for 20 days now. And I haven’t taken a klonopin in 36 days. I think getting off the topamax helped. That was making my panic attacks 10times worse and way more frequent. And I just feel calm since I’ve been on the abilify injection for some reason I even have less anxiety about taking my meds/eating food.
175993029,Tuna sandwich w/ tomato (on wheat bread) was dinner
175993030,"Mine is not great... My husband has told me many stories of things we have done in the past, and i don't remember them... Some things I remember well, other things not so much...It is more long term memory"
175993031,Setting my 2021 reading goal on goodreads for 50 books
175993032,trying HT Thanks for your encouragement
175993033,"Hey guys, I made a roll call."
175993034,"I need to get a replacement charger for my Nintendo 3DS XL, I want to play some of my older games on there"
175993035,"Yes exactly what I have...intrusive thoughts, anxiety especially if I hear of someone being sick or something that can make me sick ...is a horrible feeling"
175993036,Having a work party today at noon for the May birthdays. Having hot dogs & chips. Then at 2 o'clock we are having cheesecake. Not bad. Plus it is donut Friday! Good thing I ate a healthy breakfast of cream of wheat.
175993037,"LOL thanks... I just try to help, and I'm glad you feel at home here! And thanks so much for your help to me as well, much appreciated!"
175993038,not today
175993039,"It's nothing compared to what it was yet it seems to be causing the same - If not, more pain and anguish than using 20 different chemicals at the same time. I'm only using two. 1. Phenibut - Which seems to be a good antidepressant ""supplement"" and 2. Xanax - Which I'm not taking anymore at a very low dose but getting insomnia as a withdrawal. I told my doctor so he gave me diazepam to withdraw from it - But because of being at the end of my injection, I wanted to feel better so I took an extra 40mg Vyvanse, stayed up and had to take Xanax for anxiety from it. Then the alcohol I was just trying for one night to see if it would help - It didn't so I'm done with that. That's all it is. I don't know why this is giving me problems. What I used to do with chemicals was absolutely ridiculous 30 different drugs but I was severely neglected so no one was checking up on my mental state or anything. It seems really suspicious to me that reality is so terrifying because I'm a completely honest and authentic 
person - I don't hide anything. It's really weird. 20-30 different drugs of all kinds and now I use 2-3 and my mental health goes down the drain? Why?"
175993040,"i live alonee. really don;t ave friends. I have always struggled socially, due to lack of sociaalization when young. i was at boarding schools, in a controlled enviroment. I have had multiple failures in groups. I am smart, cute, creative but terrible socially. With staying at home for a month ( stay at home order) its tough. Constantly hearing ads about reaching out to family and friends. No one cares about those who live alone! I stuck on how i can meet people. I try but get anxous and leave. i would like to love come this"
175993041,"I've been wondering why I've been so irritable today, just realized it's from PMS."
175993042,Chicken noodle soup
175993043,Chicken salad sandwich
175993044,"_PERSON_ is a character I came up with in my story. I'm glad you like my pet stories. I don't recall ever posting non-pet stories here. I'd have nowhere to post them. I don't remember what it is off the top of my head, but there's a character max per each post. I write full length stories that no one would ever want to read. No way am I posting my one story from about a year ago here. It was more than 500 pages in Microsoft Word. I don't know how many posts that would be, and I don't want to know"
175993045,"Well I made some tea, now am gonna play some Animal Crossing since it's relaxing"
175993046,Imma meditate on stimulant
175993047,Next week I have two doctor's appointments!!
175993048,Took two caffeine pills cuz my mind feels _USER_ID_ from weed
175993049,I hope you feel better soon
175993050,Same here honestly.
175993051,It’s my total fave there are fish shaped chocolate chunks and caramel and marshmallow in chocolate ice cream....
175993052,"The new nurse was giving me attitude when I asked again for my Motrin and patch. It took the older nurse pointing something out on my meds order to get her to give them to me. My boxes of patches were gone. The good Lidocaine patches were gone. Eventually she put some kind of patch on me but ignored my requests to tape it on. They get bunched up and fall down. Since the tiz didn't knock me out last night maybe I'll take another one. My friend just canceled coming back tomorrow and Friday, so I'm without more of my tiz because my supply will soon dwindle to nothing. There's nothing I can do about the restless legs. Klonopin used to help that a lot. I don't know if Ativan will help and I only have one here. So I can't try. Because my friend won't be here to bring more from my apartment. No saline either, to bathe my piercing. I want to die."
175993053,Change it
175993054,"If you need tips for how to get an ENTJ to bug off at any point, I do have several pointers ... heh. What kind of soulless monster buys someone a vacuum cleaner for someone’s birthday, because excuse me what the ****?"
175993055,"I threw noodles into a pan with shrimp, peas and _NAME_ sauce"
175993056,I accepted it a few days ago
175993057,I was on topomax and I couldn't even remember my coworker's names. I quit that within the week.
175993058,_PERSON_ agitated so took a hot shower
175993059,"Hi Miss _NAME_, I think you are right about talking with a therapist, its a good idea. Honestly just talking to people here on the forum helps me. I have always been a people person and just like being friendly. I wish my health were better and I feel almost cheated having so much wrong with me when all I really want to do is enjoy my retirement. I also agree with you the new year 2020 seems to be a huge milestone for me. 2020 makes me feel like my 100th birthday is just around the corner. lol. I really want to thank you for being such a wonderful and kind person. You take the time to help others when you have your own issues to deal with. For me it seems everything at once is causing me such stress. My spine, having cancer and an intrusive father in law are all just overwhelming for me. Again thanks for caring. Hugs right back at you. I am a big one for hugs. Both giving and receiving. It just makes my day. dmo"
175993060,Washing the sheets and doing other laundry. I definitely have a more excited attitude towards cleaning now that it’s gamified.
175993061,I feel very sad and lonely today. I have too much on my plate. But my mom said she will help me tomorrow. It will be good company too. I haven't seen anyone since November.
175993062,I still can't believe my roommate had a motion detector camera with a mic pointed in our common living space. What a horrible person. I get so angry and I can't help but feel rage. She destroyed our friendship for this.
175993063,Now my therapist wants to sit in my psych appointment with me tomorrow. This will be awkward.
175993064,I love rain too
175993065,Rainbow _PERSON_ was a riot !!
175993066,"Hi Tia and welcome! I am so sorry you had that scary experience in the car. You did the right thing by pulling over. The next thing you'll want to do is put your coping skills to work. As _NAME_ mentioned, taking a benzo type medication and driving is not a great mix. So as _PERSON_ suggested, learning coping skills on your own through self help of with a therapist will help you to get home where you can safely use your meds... ...or you may find that they are effective enough that they alone can get you through some attacks! Please continue to post with us if you find it helpful. We understand, care and support is key! _PERSON_."
175993067,"I got my proofreading **** done. So, I proofread (really, just edited) like 2400 words today."
175993068,I'm exhausted
174392659,"so if as many on the forum say a ""group"" of gangster mafiosos can broadcast thoughts into the brain of a person that has schizophrenia. then... can this ""group"" also type on laptops by broacasting thoughts to computers and bypass using the keyboard with their fingers? have you ever seen someone type telepathically? do they have some sort of brain–to laptop- machine interface?"
175993069,I have my eye appointment tomorrow. Not looking forward to it. I want to go home. My friend is spending a ton of time with his other friend (they're just friends) and I'm jealous and daf.
175993070,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! You have posted in a support forum for depression, so you have come to the right place. We encourage you to check other discussions in this community about ""senior citizen"" depression and geriatric depression. You can start by typing your search terms in the box near the magnifying glass at the top right side of the page or by clicking the links below. Search: ""senior citizen"" depression Search: geriatric depression Our partner for this community, Mental Health America, also provides resources on their website including information about treatment options, guided recovery techniques, and self-help toolkits. This information can be found at the following links. Mental Health America: Finding Help for Myself Mental Health America: Recovery and Support Mental Health America: DIY Tools In addition, you may want to check out our iFred community. It is specifically for anxiety and depression support and has over 8,000 members discussing their experiences with depre
ssion. You can read more at the link below. Inspire Community: iFred We hope this helps and encourage you to continue reaching out! -TeamInspire"
175993071,I have no history in my family. I just want to be the best I can be. My fiancée and I have talked many times about how I feel and he constantly reassures me that I can do this. We will do what I want and he will support me. Thank you
175993072,I’m sorry SK. So sorry
175993073,Mine is too
175993074,I keep getting pain by my right kidney
175993075,Had T today even though it’s Saturday. It was pretty helpful. I’m feeling a bit better now since seeing T. I wish I could see her more often. _PERSON_
175993076,"Yes, I've moved way too many times, due to my own psychosis. I kept believing I was being followed. I hate moving, but this move that you're planning sounds very well done and methodical. Maybe give yourself a little reward each time you do something related to the move."
175993077,"I see a clinician every 2 months to talk about my stressors. If I’m coping we keep it at that. If I ever start to have a harder time I can start to see her more often. I see my meds nurse once a week to pick up my meds and do a quick check in to make sure I’m fine and I see the psychiatric nurse every month. I think it’s enough, I haven’t felt suicidal in a long time."
175993078,"This is one of those squeaky wheel gets the grease things....the louder you yell the more attention you get, it’s not about your value as a person. That being said, you should absolutely call with her this afternoon."
175993079,"I think it’s early in the game, but I think I can finally start to call myself a professional writer. I’m gonna take it. At least writer, because I do make money off of writing, just not enough. But it’s getting there quick. One example is people keep buying my book. My last book. From last June of 2019. My sales keep going up every week or so. I mean one book sold a week, or about. Got paid big time from one company. Got paid for other various projects too. Beyond that, I am growing a massive following on so many places online. It’s insane really. I mean it’s a lot to me. Almost 1k following I’ve built from scratch on insta and same on Twitter. Half of 1k on fb. Like etc I could go on. _PERSON_ I think I can call myself a writer or a professional writer now or something."
175993080,"Have fun! I've never really tried Stevia before. I try to stick with regular sugar, except for energy drinks and Coke Zero."
175993081,"I never had any mental health issues in the past. Then suddenly several months ago I started to get anxiety attacks. I thought it'd ease up, but it didn't. I went to get professional help and they couldn't find anything other than stress. I tried several things like exercise, eating healthier, spending time in nature, etc. to try and reduce stress. I did notice some improvemwnt, but I still didn't feel myself. Then I started hearing voices and getting images like dreams that wake me up at night and cause anxiety. I went for a mental health assesment and was told it was stress again. My concern is this has been going on for awhile. I can't think of any triggers and I don't use any substances. I'm thinking about getting a second opinion. I'm not sure if this is how mental illnesses start or not."
175993082,"Oct 31st, 2019 3:00pm I was sitting in my bathroom and I started to hear 3 teenage boys outside my bathroom window. I also see thier shapes and shadows moving in the window One of the boys claims he has been inside my house many times. They climb up onto my roof and come in through a window on my second story Boy 1 gets inside and takes my lingerie and makes a joke about how he will give it to his girlfriend. They throw things from the roof down to another boy in my yard My bathroom window has frosted glass so it is hard to make out exactly what is going on but I saw one of them draw a line with his finger on the window and another wrote HI. I can see the marks still to the next day They talk about how it is getting cold outside and they are hungry and they cant really find what they are looking for They keep mentioning how they will come back at midnight One boy talks about how he thinks the best way to do this is too kill me and my boyfriend and made a joke about Possible trigger: ""******* my co
rpse"" and that he watches me through my window and touches himself all the time Only one of them thinks thats crazy and is against hurting us It is now about 5:30 and I am getting really frustrated so I slapped the window and it startled them One boy writes slut on the window and the others tell him how stupid it is now his finger prints are on my window. They try several times wipe off the marks but they know I am in the bathroom and they are having a hard time trying to do it Now I hear a female voice with the boys. She calls them ******* for not going forward with thier plan. They make a joke about deficating on my roof. A boy says do you know that _PERSON_ can hear us all the time she will repeat every word I say outloud sometimes Girl says ""let me kick her *****"" and one boy says no way _PERSON_ is tough and she would whoop your ***** She sounds pissed and says well I am tough too I keep hearing them stomping round on the roof and they very carefully try to open windows with out making too much noise 
I start to see a translucent ray almost I open my hand and it stays there I feel a warmth from it. I am not sure if this is good or bad? I try too take a bath too relax and I saw her for the first time. She was completely naked and pressed her body against the window I stand in front of the window and get walk closer we are staring at each other for a few minutes. When i get closer I notice her face is almost demon like but it is halloween so im not sure if its makeup I decided to just walk away and that seemed to upset her She says well its time to party and they keep talking about hurting me and boyfriend. One of the boys still says thats a really bad idea I go into the living room and try to just ignore everything At midnight exactly I hear police sirens,they go to my neighbor across the street and shine lights about 20 feet up in the trees they do this for a few minutes like they are looking for somebody. Someone had climbed way up in his tree and thrw toilet paper all over the top of the tree My boyfrien
d was the first to notice this so I know this part is real and the next day I see the toilet paper still up there They didnt find anybody and they leaeve. Maybe an hour later I hear my neighbor yell whos out there!? And he walked around with a _USER_ID_ I fall asleep and thats the end of this episode. This happens any time of day and can last from an hour up to 8 hours long I always hear a few people talking but they never speak with me. I have to walk around my house every night so asure myself al the windows and doors are locked and nobody is in my house or I wont be able to sleep Sometimes they talk about things I have never experienced or about people I have never met things that are completely irrelavent to me This began when I was 15 years old. I have seen a few people about this and was diagnosed Bipolar with auditory hallucinations. Usually I just see shadows but the visual is more recently started A part of me knows its not real but the chance that it could really be somebody scares me and I find it 
very hard to sleep at night my heart races I cannot stop listening when it starts its really hard to ignore.... I am very lost hear on who to see about this. Can anybody recommend anything for me? Thank you for your time guys"
175993083,Hi Good to see you posting again Sorry for your troubles- hope the ablation is a success I had Covid for Thanksgiving. Was pretty sick but no respiratory issues. Got better in 10 days and felt foggy for another week. However I am right as rain now- no residual issues. Hope the same for you!
175993084,"I haven't been in this area for a while. I feel strange right now. I don't take psych meds presently. I worry about the side effects. I also don't presently have a therapist. I dread the beginning part, finding the right one, then getting to know each other, & trusting, or learning to. But I'm not giving up on the idea. Just waiting for the right moment."
175993085,"About to have lunch: peanut butter and honey sandwich, orange, chips, cookies."
174392689,"Yo people heads up from India .... I've bin diagnosed for paranoid schizophrenia under the pretext that these Indians do not have an espionage on me inspite of the fact it _PERSON_ all true ... My phone's bin tapped . My house _PERSON_ bugged and being brocasted into others houses jz cz they can see me n my wife when we're ""AT"" it . Have heard them shaggin On how they see us play mommy n daddy . My livelihood/occupation is _PERSON_ interfered unnecessarily . My folks my bro my wife play on both sides where the other side is the influence against me and hv helped these people manipulate my reality . I've bin followed by everyone everywhere Everytime . Been non verbally threatened to gang rape me and my wife by the same people under this espionage .and this is just happening for over half a decade now ... They've spiked my food ordered online . Friends come over to my place and talk sick about how I score my wife .my physical and mental disorders are induced by them and are being used against me . 
I'm categorised as a fugitive from this sick cultured people . So hv become reclusive dissociative as there's no rehab that can cure me as I havta unbearably rehabilitate me to return back to the same $#%^ again . The shrink and councillor jz insist on ignorance n advise to the prescription pills . *mod _USER_ID_*"
175993086,No hallucinations so far today. Yeah!
175993087,No worries hopefully things will settle for you soon. _PERSON_.
175993088,Overwhelmed so much
175993089,"...what people don’t understand is, it’s hard living with mental illness when the people around you are annoyed with it. And when you try to tell them how u feel, you are shooed off by some stereotypical phrase or whatever. So it causes you to not to want to be honest about how you feel for fear of the traumatic effect of being shrugged off..."
175993090,"How is that schizoid? I'm schizoid with NPD traits. To answer your question _PERSON_, it's super awesome. Narcissism has been discussed here before. I think the autonomy of the schizoid lifestyle demands a certain degree of narcissism. If you're judge jury and executioner all in one, to use one example, it helps that you ""all"" get along and work together. To spend your life alone without the tiniest hint of self-pride sounds like it could cause problems. Depression, for one."
175993091,"Thank u _NAME_, yes let’s stay positive especially during this time...hugs"
175993092,"I keep hearing noises outside. This morning someone knocked on my side door. I did not answer. People shouldn’t use that door. You have to climb steps, open the door, walk through the screened in porch to get to the real door to knock. Are you kidding? That’s like being IN my house! GTFO of here buddy. I let the dogs foam at the mouth and jump at the door until he went away. Now I’m hearing low voices and what sounds like my screen door banging. Again letting the dogs handle it. Keeps up I’m going to let them outside. Bet people won’t be back then ?"
175993093,This sounds like a form of delusion. Best thing to do is distract yourself since you're quite treatment resistant. You need to feel calm - And the thing about the kids being taken away doesn't help - Especially if that woman is accusing you of abusing the kids - Which triggers your own trauma.
175993094,"Well since it's been done 2,000,000,000 times before so you can expect Netflix to produce it."
175993095,"So far, so good."
175993096,"I ate a small pizza. I ate 2 slices of pizza before I went to nap. Then I woke up and ate the rest. 2 more slices. I basically cut the pizza in 1/4ths. So big slices. It was a red baron grocery store pizza. U may be right. Damn. Maybe I do need to like eat much more healthier now that some days i wont have much time to eat. I ate fast food all week for lunch. Fck. We would need to go grocery shopping then. But, my mom put 500 in my bank 300 for rent and extra. Which I didnt ask for extra and then told me she is only give me half of the money she gives me for rent, for the last month. So yea..."
175993097,I smell like fish going to hop in the shower.
175993098,I'm honestly getting so anxious about everything. I'm wondering if I'm seeing shyt. Idk. Either way I'm under a lot of pressure. And idk I feel like I'm about to like implode.
175993099,"That's a good idea, I always find reading helpful"
175993100,I’ve been doing EMDR with my psych. It’s kind of weird but in a weird way it makes me feel better. So if it seems weird at first give it a couple tries and you could be surprised.
175993101,I'm so so so down for that. Totally preordering that! Thanks for the info! Post it in video games thread!
175993102,"Haven't ever posted on roll call. Here goes.... Does anybody else out there dislike the term ""Behavioral Health"". It showed up sometime in the 90s. Personally I prefer ""Mental Health"" in reference to psych care. Behavioral health emerged as a politically correct term that seems so judgmental. Like you just need to snap out of it and ""behave""."
174392728,I love _NAME_ talks too But negative symptoms only allows me to watch so much :/
175993103,Cool bear picture _AT_MENTION_ psychotic
175993104,Got my cat teepee in just now!
175993105,A cream cheese pastry sounds good _AT_MENTION_
175993106,Waffles and hard boiled eggs.
175993107,"I've managed to avoid ALL table-top and video games to the degree that I lump ALL gaming into one homogeneous sacrilegious blob, but these sims sound interesting. Are they like The Wind in the Willows ""made real"", because playing with cute little animal sims may just be the downfall Satan had in store for me all this time. Please keep in mind that you are talking to someone who's a regular at an imaginary rabbit restaurant/dive that serves colored grain alcohol as top shelf scotch =:3 )) * * * ""totally messed-up and finally comfortable with it"""
174392727,I'm ready for it to be fall as well. It really won't get cold here for about two months.
175993108,_NAME_ thanks for the inspirational quotes! _PERSON_ ~ I never would have thought of a mood journal. I've been doing a food journal lately to see if anything triggers migraines and/or spinning due to vertigo. I need to look into a mood journal!! I don't know where I'd be if I wasn't going to therapy. In the past two years I needed to schedule two emergency visits. Not too bad. I pray that you get to be where you want! Thank you for sharing your experiences
175993109,"I took a mind rest at 11pm. I fell asleep for a few minutes so I decided to get ready and go to sleep, took a zopiclone and then felt rested and want to read so I just don't feel like sleeping. The problem again.. I shouldn't have taken the zopiclone now. I should have taken it before I snoozed. Important that: I don't take a stimulant this morning. I'm gonna have to go a day without it which is gonna suck. I might get akathisia and dystonia but hopefully I can get some sleep within the next 18 hours without taking a temazepam. Sleep-wake thing is annoying. But I'm gonna transition between reading, watching youtube and music all night maybe."
175993110,I have put on 5 lbs myself.
175993111,"I have FOMO for the news and conspiracies but they're very toxic. I'll try reading and then maybe meditate.. All I can do.. My moms friend loves me and my sister and brought cake to my moms work so my mom told me to go pick it up. On the walk there, I was feeling quite high (Maybe from cake dopamine?).. So yeah that's dessert. I know you all have a twisted obsession with desserts so I'll take a picture."
175993112,"Desoxyn said I might not be bored, but instead, mentally exhausted. I think hes right. Right now I feel like I just wanna hide away and be away from everyone. I napped 3 hours today. I didnt want to nap at all, but I just felt tired, and when I laid down I could feel my body getting lighter and relaxing, that's when I know I'm about to fall asleep. Cuz I'm usually a very tense person day to day. This past week really kinda got me, and I might've not realized it."
174392739,"Hi! I wasn't able to make the appointment. I was too anxious. But I'm taking her in the morning when there's no traffic. I already got dressed and ready. I just need to finish up in the morning, get my cat in the carrier and go. I feel better about tomorrow but there still is some anxiety. _PERSON_, I have another cat that's like that. Very independent. He doesn't like to be held. But he's been good about eating his meds with his food. _PERSON_ can taste it in hers. I've had some luck with pill pockets. Thanks for checking in with us."
175993113,Chocolate peanut butter cup ice cream
175993114,I feel awful. I want to feel alright but I'm not. I want to be happy for once and content. However thinking about things I've done wrong and I am currently doing wrong. Voices and lack of good self esteem. I'm lonely and im freaking out all the time thinking about death and being around it in my head. I'm scared and depressed and probably psychotic. I need a therapist but I can't get one right now.
175993115,I'm sorry dt. ::Hugs::
175993116,Chicken nuggets w/ buffalo dipping sauce and some Pepsi
175993117,How to Handle Fear of Choking | HealthProAdvice
175993118,"Topo, this is a good list. Therefore, I believe it will not only help someone, but will help more than just one person. So it was definitely worth you posting it here.Post Edited (MainerMikeBrown) : 4/18/2020 2:44:25 PM (GMT-6)"
175993119,"LOL, I walked right into that."
175993120,I hope the appointment goes okay _AT_MENTION_ and that you and your Mom can make a good choice for what she should do! Hang in there! _PERSON_
175993121,Same. I do too.
175993122,tea and biscuits
174392756,"Hello, my husband was diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder last year, for many years before that he was diagnosed with bipolar. Recently with all the regulations set in place with Covid situation, things I feel like have gone from bad to worst. He recently decided himself that the medication he was prescribed he would start taking again but that only lasted about 5 days and now he is backing to being very paranoid. When he tries to tell me what his thoughts are I try to acknowledge that he feels like this is real but also try to bring him back to reality. He gets very upset with me and everything turns into an argument or he ends up attacking me (verbally) for not understanding how he feels. I am very frustrated and I cry every day because I don't know what to do, how to help or even how to talk with him because I am scared he will start telling me its my fault for how I feel about everything or that I am making things worse. I am afraid to talk with my friends or family about what is going on b
ecause they do not understand the situation and there is so much _USER_ID_ behind mental illness. Is there anybody that can help? suggestions?"
175993123,Had a salad for lunch then two of the tiniest candies from the bag I bought for the trick-or-treaters.
175993124,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHkhIjG ... &index=132
175993125,I’m exausted. But too hyperventilate to sleep ???
175993126,It was an absolute struggle going to work this week cuz I feel like crap. I felt like I was gonna be nauseous in the car this morning. And I had to step outside of the building cuz I felt sick. But its friday and I made it.
175993127,Hugs. So sorry. I see shadow people coming out of the walls. Tiny and scary black elephants coming to take me away. What do you see?
175993128,It would be easy if she was easy to talk to. And thank you. That was very helpful! ??
175993129,"I have decided that yesterday was a good day because it ended really well--my late afternoon bout of anxiety doesn't count because I successfully treated it with DBT. Plus, we had this great thunderstorm in the evening and I love thunderstorms. If it doesn't pour down rain this afternoon, I'll hit the grocery store. I'll also practice my drawing, practice DBT and read from my DBT book. Hopefully no triggers like there was yesterday but I know what to do if there are. Hang in there today everyone. _PERSON_"
175993130,It sounds like you're being very hard on him first try going easy on him then talk to his doctor about adjusting his medication
175993131,I see...for me Abilify actually helps with the social anxiety quite a bit....it hits so many targets for me.
175993132,"Hi, this probably won’t make it anywhere but I thought i’d share. I’m 14 years old and living with my severely mentally ill mom and also my father. She’s been bad for the past year or so and just recently she started getting especially bad. Today she went on a rage about how my father and I don’t care about or love her, and we had to leave for a while. During this rage, she was kicking a bike and throwing garbage around the yard. There was no choice but for us to leave for a while bc she was getting violent. When we came back, she was calmer and apologized. Now tonight again, she got really angry and started yelling that we hated her. She threw her wedding ring at my dad and said she wanted a divorce. She called both of us a**holes and went to bed. I am now very shaken up and can’t sleep. FYI, she has a variety of mental conditions, which I don’t care to share right now, but I am having a rough time and I just would like to know if anyone else is dealing with the same stuff and maybe 
wanted to talk. Thanks."
175993133,"Well we were supposed to watch _NAME_ tonight but it’s getting late, maybe another night..."
175993134,"Wow, these are amazing. Very inspiring. Thank you for sharing"
175993135,image3024×4032 4.15 MB
175993136,"I love what you said about how you are moving on to healing instead of coping. With that attitude, you are already on your way with so much that you've dealt with, but you will succeed. I'm afraid I don't know much about Thailand, but I know there are so many doctors that study in the US and then go back home. Also, ex-pat communities, if you're part of one or you can find one, maybe they would know therapists/doctors that can be helpful. As you've said, you are willing to take control, but you may still need help, and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. Maybe a community like that where you are can help you find the person you need to talk to. An article about Post Traumatic Stress - What is It had a few suggestions on what can be done in the meantime. Following a routine. If you are spiritually inclined, this would include a spiritual routine. Many have found comfort in the Psalms reading about others who have been afflicted and turning those same thoughts to prayer. If you are not spirit
ually inclined, a routine that works for you involving self-care. Do you enjoy exercise or walking, riding a bike, swimming, hiking, etc. I can only imagine the beautiful vistas there must be everywhere in Thailand. Maybe making a beautiful destination a frequent stop for you to visit, a place to be calm, meditate might be helpful. ""Although alcohol and drugs may give promise of temporary relief, they soon make matters worse. They usually contribute to social isolation, rejection of the people who want to help, workaholism, uncontrolled anger, uncontrolled or overcontrolled eating, or other self-destructive behavior."" This was quoted in the article and I'll just leave it there for you to think about. Obviously, you have to make the final decisions, but I just wanted to add how substances can affect someone and even make things worse. I hope any of this even to a small degree was helpful. And I wish you well on your journey to mental well-being."
175993137,"lashanawalkerhoward1 Welcome to the family here! You have a talent for string a sentence together.....are you a writer? I'm sorry you are having a rough time right now....is there one particular reason for that or is it one of those ""massive pile-up"" out on the highway of life? Seems as if there are a lot of those these days. I see you are concerned because you fear you have nothing to leave to the next generation, but money and objects are not the most precious things in life. A loving touch, an unforgettable deed, constant love, and good guidance are much greater.!"
175993138,"Had to get _NAME_ prescription food, insulin, and syringes today. I gave my Dad $100. He was going to go pick it up for me, but I probably owe him some more money. At least I'm not paying for antibiotics right now because that is like $50."
175993139,"Hello, How common is it to be on the correct med's but still have unstable days? From what I understand from reading and listening to other Bi polar sufferers you can still have bad days that are unstable even on the med's. I guess the goal is not to cure but maintain how severe the bad days are or episodes and how often they happen whether it's depression or mania or both. Depending on the type of bi polar you have. Any feed back would be appreciated! Just want to stay optimistic. I know med's are only part of the battle plan. The hard work is up to me. Thank you."
175993140,"Some days are better than others. Today is the first day in the past week I haven't had a horrible headache and felt irritated because of it. I think I need a new medication. Aside from that I feel more comfortable with the idea of being alone on Christmas. My family makes me feel really really horrible. My girlfriend and I are doing better because I'm ignoring my triggers. I really hope I don't struggle with my triggers for the rest of my life. I hope I'm not reminded of the bad for the rest of my life. I hope my mental illness and my trauma don't define me forever. Ughk, I hope I find the right medication. Take care everyone."
175993141,I cry on the kitchen floor lol
175993142,Just finished The Crows Trap by _NAME_
175993143,"I""ve not ate all day"
175993144,"Hello, folks. Well, I'm a little new to all this, but am pretty frustrated. My significant other has what she says is Bipolar 1 even though I can see 2 as well. Just a few minutes ago, she's yelling and swearing at her child. She and I spend a lot of time talking about how he shouldn't be in environments he's in. She's recently divorced and living at home. Her mother does much of the same thing, which in turn, upsets her. His dad lets the kid get away with whatever and it frustrates her when he doesn't listen. He's not my son, but she and I have differing views on discipline. She also makes comments about not wanting to be alive anymore relatively often. I don't know what to say to that. _PERSON_ do I say the right thing. I often get a, ""That's not helpful."" I don't want to be alive either, really, but I'm not allowed to make such comments, so it's an odd double standard. My depression is pretty bad and most days feel like a waste, but that's another story. Health permitting, I'm supposed to move 
to her this year because of custody issues which stresses me out. I'd like to think if I'm in her presence, things would be easier, but will they? I'm a noob to this and don't know how to be helpful. I've read some tips on Google on what to do like just listening, for one. I'm probably not the only one that's ever experienced this, but I don't know. She warned me some time ago that I hadn't really seen the bad regarding bipolar. I underestimated the warning. Thanks. -smooth"
175993145,Rebellion: A history of England from _NAME_ to the Glorious Revolution--I'm about a third of the way through
175993146,I _NAME_ this listening to a jazz guitarist. But is it really an abstract? IMG_20210518_135612912×1600 610 KB
175993147,"I just now took my Rx. And I am now drinking my 3rd cup of coffee, which contains antioxidants."
175993148,Wish I had an outage at work I’m not feeling like working anyway.
175993149,Do you have the Fitbit app? Add me?
175993150,"I’m making my own 12 half pan palette. As in, I bought the half pans separately and then put them in a metal tin specially made for half pan watercolor. This way I only get the colors that I want and can just refill the colors that I need at the time. Made this painting using combination of _PERSON_ and _NAME_ and _NAME_. Both are only the student grade version but they’re really good."
175993151,I’ve barely been posting on my blog so I’m sure it’s flatline as well.....
175993152,Possible trigger: reached out to T because I am still feeling suicidal.
175993153,"You have soul exhaustion. You need a relaxing break and good meds. All meds are different. The chemical structures have no moral value.. Like meth for example as Desoxyn for medication.. Antipsychotics are derived from antihistamines or benzos. All sleep meds are benzo or derivatives of them.. Adrenochrome is what the elites drink from childrens blood and mix it with DMT - But that's not likely real. People have whacky ideas about everything. Just know that as long as you feel in control, you're ok - If you think you're in control, you're most likely to be ok still - As long as you control the anxiety, mood etc with coping mechanisms, meds, support.. Mania displays symptoms of ADHD - And people with ADHD get mad abuse. I was abused by teachers in school and it probably contributed to my depression because I wasn't focused and just wanted to be happy - Rejected structure and moderation of things. I was the most popular in middle school though for being funny. Good humour, no darkness stuff.. You don
't have bad vibes, negativity etc.. Which can all be managed in anyone as well - You are a good soul. A tired soul though.. Study the mathematics in moderation, make way for expressing the mania through writing, journaling, maybe art.. The bipolar mind is full of emotional pain - Schiz mind is like a _USER_ID_ trip and is dysphoric and painful thoughts."
175993154,That’s great!!!
175993155,"_PERSON_ you seem to keep things pretty balanced in your life considering all that you have to deal with. Ailing parents can take its toll, way to go at being sound enough to continue with your weaning off meds during these chaotic times. Kudos to you for your strength!"
175993156,I didn’t know you could buy premade ones
175993157,Hugs bluebird.....
175993158,"I’ve been constantly “doing” since I was young, it’s like the opposite problem that most people have. It’s like I can’t ever “slow down”. Sucks when you can’t ever truly relax doesn’t it? Gah, I relate to you a lot haha it’s nice that someone knows what the **** I’m rambling about all the time LOL."
175993159,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ I hope you feel better soon!
175993160,"I'm on Lithium, and an anti-depressant. I noticed 6 months ago that I was losing hair and blamed it on my blood pressure pill. I don't think I fully realized that Lithium could so that, also. It was devastating for me, also. How are you dealing with that? Glad to hear your mania is controlled. Whose out to get you? It might be the same person who is after me. I"
175993161,"Hey guys, just checking in. Been learning some psychological theories with husband, helped us to have a better understanding on how each other’s brain work. I got a new laptop so might be gaming on Steam again, we just need to find a game that we can play together like Stardew Valley. Hope everyone is doing well"
175993162,"SP and Desoxyn, you two are so smart!"
175993163,"I want to buy another pair of vans but since I just ordered a pair, I had better wait....."
174392803,Targeting One Symptom of Schizophrenia May Help Relieve Others Roluperidone!!!!!!!!!
175993164,Definitely weird. Hopefully it's a one off.
175993165,Oh that sucks! Sorry!
175993166,Strong cup of morning coffee is euphoric
175993167,"Anyone here take anafranil (Clopiramine)? If so how are the side effects, up front and over time? Is it better or worse, from a side effect perspective, then SSRIs? I realize it will vary from one person to the next but I am interested in your experience if you have any."
175993168,I want to start tapering off thorazine again because I sleep too much. I'm gonna start getting off it again beginning tonight. I should have just stuck with it
175993169,I texted all my friends. No reply. All of them. Like an hour ago.
175993170,I just realized that I'm that grumpy old man now.
175993171,"Well, the one thing I need to work on is accurately quoting my therapist. And also, I need to work on inellectual honesty. She seems to think I look brighter, I think. I'll definitely be asking her what that means exactly. What that brightness can get me or whatever. Or I don't know. It just seems that I sometimes cannot quote people accurately. I always color my judgments with emotional reactions. It is something I need to work on, for sure. Thanks though."
175993172,Went for an hour-long walk earlier. Contacted some friends.
175993173,I'm feeling depressed.
175993174,So on Stardew Valley in one of my save files I have the orange cat which I named _NAME_ and the other save file I have the grey cat which I named kitten. Like my orange and grey cats I lost
175993175,"Feeling good today. Just being careful with phenibut (Lowering it by 100mg a day). So far so good. Using extra Seroquel for sleep and if it's high blood pressure, I'll use 2x 0.5mg alprazolams with the Seroquel for 1-2 weeks max. I've learned my lesson. Once I get to zero milligrams, I'm gonna wait 1-2 weeks of being on only Invega injections, 50mg seroquel at night, 50mg atenolol twice a day, 50mg Vyvanse in the morning, 3x fish oil a day, one vitamin D in the morning and 10mg melatonin at night. My only vice will be nicotine gum. Me smart cookie. Not like the people taking 10-20g of phenibut a day. The highest I've seen was 40g a day! And I think I saw someone taking 60g phenibut a day! Wtf lol.."
175993176,"TBH I don't think you're missing much. Just a time drain. Fun to look at something when waiting for the doctor or something but not really anything I ""have"" to do everyday. I know social media is an important influence in the world and in a lot of people's lives. I just never really got into it that much. In business school there was entire sections devoted to social media marketing and stuff. Maybe that turned me off."
175993177,"I don‘t know if I can be helpful here. But I had some similar issues with my dad, who didn’t care about my eating disorder and it was hell for me. He always blamed me and came with nonsense advice, that wasn’t helpful at all. So I would say, that you shouldn‘t take depression or other mental illness lightly. It can cause even more distress to your son, if he isn‘t taken seriously. What I always wished my dad would do, is to do some research on my _NAME_, read books, search the internet or join some groups for parents with children who have mental illness etc. I don‘t think you coddle, if you try to help your son and try to understand him. Motivation issues aren‘t rare in depression... and I don‘t know... but I wouldn‘t force someone out off the house if they aren’t mentally stable, I would rather try to talk to them about their problems and maybe even suggest therapy. Sometimes it takes time for young adults to find their path and what they want to do after school. And sometimes 
it really helps to give them the time they need, to try things out first, before they can settle on one job or school. And one thing, I think is really important, is to also give them time to work on their mental illness and to truly understand themselves what‘s going on with them."
175993178,"Never looked into that before. I have been cutting way back on sugar though, and caffeine"
175993179,"TMO, my husband has a history of DVT's in his leg. He had a lot of pain & swelling. If nothing else call & talk to the nurse at your drs office. I get terrible cramps in my legs & feet if I am not hydrated enough too. I use to not drink much water, now, that's all I drink & plenty of it. HT is right about magnesium. My SIL works in the heat & his dr has him take magnesium once a day plus he stays hydrated."
175993180,Get a VR! You can go all those places.
175993181,"I'm not doing well at all. I need my psychologist pretty soon, I just can't handle stress well anymore. I think I may be having delusional thoughts, except it's not a deliusion, it's just that I have to accept it, but each time I try the problem gets bigger and bigger, and I don't know how I can accept that much hatred about myself."
175993182,Its hard to explain because I dont honestly think I'm sick. I really dont. I think this death and with fiance being so fckin depressed is wearing on me. Idk maybe im wrong.
175993183,"Hi! I had a fine week. I went to Rhode Island midweek and considered going to Cape Cod from there. I'm glad I didn't though, as Hurricane _NAME_ caused heavy rain and sixty mile an hour winds on Cape Cod."
175993184,"I need to get some coffee, I can't believe I slept as long as I did. Basically Friday night through now"
174392827,"It is an anti psychotic and may not be the right med. Yes i have used it for chaotic thoughts, however i have a bi ploar and eupd mix. All meds have a start up phase of side effect, actually for me all have and would be wary if it didn't, however i suggest chatting with dr. Yes many used used for different things, abilify is one of them. Abilify is known to be more effective as non stand alone medication, however i am not a dr. Keep ?. HT"
175993185,"I feel quite better. Maybe it's the olanzepine and meditating. I went into a painful dysphoria and then started having suicidal, solipsistic, pantheistic and pure OCD thoughts."
175993186,"Good morning! It's been pretty cold, was extremely windy yesterday, had to turn the heat on. My sister's stopping by later with some stuff I need. Have an appointment at my college Monday which my case manager is taking me to. I have all the paperwork I need, just gotta turn it in. Will be glad to have that taken care of. I'm signed up for a free turkey basket (a free turkey and all the sides), I get one every year from the agency my case manager is from. Need to start doing some holiday themed drawings I feel excited about the holidays! I almost always am but last year I felt nothing towards them, no excitement, pretty much indifference towards them which is very unusual for me."
175993187,"My 31 yo son achieved a BA degree in math and digital media, had a promising job in video editing and had bought a row house that supported itself with roommates' rent all by age 25. All before his first manic episode and hospitalization, at which point he could no longer effectively take control of his life. Over the next 6 years he has had 3 more hospitalizations, each one setting him back further. He sold his house to me for $1 to cover the money I was spending to support his girlfriend and him. At this point, I have bought a small house for them in Florida, becoming in essence their landlord. The idea was for them to get jobs this spring and pay rent to cover my mortgage and taxes on the house. He receives SSDI, but it's laughably inadequate. My son is not stable. In fact, the crisis has destabilized both of them (she also has a mood disorder). I am retired and have a limited income. I would support him if I could. I have already hurt my own future, if I live a long life, by all that I've spent 
to help provide security. My son is panicked at the prospect of returning to work after 6 years. He is very smart, but the idea of dealing with people and bosses makes him so anxious he can barely talk about it. He is taking 4 meds now. He wants to stand on his own. He knows what this is doing to me. So, what I'm asking for is any advice on what kind of job he could get and keep. He needs a place that would be kind, allow a mental health day, hopefully allow work from home. Any ideas? Thank you for your thoughts and support."
175993188,That’s great news How are you today?
175993189,long anxious day
175993190,"I am also having a hard time with not being able to go out and socialize. I tend towards anxiety and depression on my own and going out and socializing is part of what helps me feel balanced. I want to visit my family, but they have a cough so I probablly shouldn't. Right now I have just been doing a lot of cooking and an online college class to try to keep busy, but its definitly a challenge."
175993191,What's going on _AT_MENTION_?
175993192,A wafflemaker
175993193,Volunteering helps you gain the needed experience to get other jobs though unless you’re thinking fast food....
175993194,"I saw Rocket Man, the _NAME_ movie last week. Had a great soundtrack of course."
175993195,Sorry guys. I've been inpatient. I just got out yesterday. I didn't have access to my cell phone or internet so I couldn't let anyone know where I was or how I was doing. Will try to catch up on roll call soon. Hugs!! _PERSON_
175993196,Yeah you're right.
175993197,Same to me too
175993198,I’m with bluebird....ask for help right now.
175993199,_AT_MENTION_ here's the link to the post with the art Spooky Time! | The Daily Blue Bird
175993200,"I'm about to play star wars KOTOR. BB you have to try this game. It's got to be super cheap after all of these years, and can play on an old machine. It's one of the greatest games ever created. Best played in the dark."
175993201,Yes including fish oil
175993202,"I was walking back home from the library and this guy at one of the corners on my way stopped me, looked me up and down checking me out and asked me if I was busy. Like I think he thought I was a prostitute or something. Wtf. Anyway, I have a therapy appointment today. Look forward to talking to her"
174392839,"Well, I must say, you're dealing with a lot here, and thank you for taking the brave step to speak about what you are experiencing within your life. I fully understand everything that you are describing upon this page, as I am a TI too. Please feel free to personally message me at any time, as I can go into more detail with regards to recognizing distinct patterns of your experiences. For the moment what I found very insightful and enabling was one, to know that my view of what was happening to me was true, real, and of evil intention. (With regards to my own view of these types of planned co-ordinated events, they are of a sociopathic revengeful mindset, are very exploitative towards the victim, and are differently serious Human Rights abuses. ( _PERSON_ Cyber Torture Report ) Gaslighting within the home is a form of domestic violence, and should not be left unaddressed. As a lot of Gaslighting and Hoodwinking will be employed in order to isolate you and destabilize you, so at least they are hopin
g for you to have an emotional outburst, or to become further isolated and affected as that makes you easier to be slyly manipulated or what's known as handled. Also, it may be worthwhile if you relocated as you will be sitting in a floating box, and people would know your location. What I can read within your testimony is you are being triggered and anchored to words or every object's in order for the 'voices' to form a trauma bond, so that the abuse will be more easier to achieve upon their side, as they are lazy ****ers, and just want to chew upon your responses. Learning about NLP, Psychological warfare, Trauma Bonding, PTSD is a huge benefit as they will be very adaptable to your situation as a TI, any advantage you can gain while being mobbed up upon would greatly lessen your chances of becoming entrapped. Try not to give a response or acknowledgment to the various 'games' that these strange people display slyly. As that's their reward, think of it as you are a bag of Coke, they will basically abuse you 
like a common street drug. If you need any more words please contact me, take care."
175993203,"Understand how you feel. I feel this way all the time. I tried talking to someone years ago and the counselor laughed at me. So I didn't go anymore and have been trying to do this on my own. I have my father and he listens to me. Writing down my feelings has helped some; however, not all the time. It is a minute by minute thing as some stated above. Remember to breathe when you are in those moments of extreme anxiety and take a break even if it is at your desk. It helps to have a family member to talk with or a good friend. Just remember to ask them how they are doing as well. Stay strong."
175993204,"I’d say one step at a time, I’m only working part time and with school it’s a lot....make sure you can handle it before you look for full time."
175993205,Guys im in the middle of a panic attack for the past 3 days its felt as if I cant get enough air in? I find myself constantly trying to take a deep breath. I dont want to take my xanax because I know this isnt going away tomorrow and I dont want to use it as a cruch but im feeling so bad
175993206,I love buying books about different things and keeping them forever lol.
175993207,"p.s. _AT_MENTION_, your plants are adorable."
175993208,Went to the pharmacy and picked up some of my meds. Normally I get them delivered but something was wrong with the app I use to do that so I had to walk there. It’s super hot out. Drinking an iced coffee and relaxing in the AC now.
175993209,"And yeah, my pdoc has never been smart enough to realize that it isn’t psychosis related. I haven’t had symptoms of psychosis for a long time. I am this switching pdocs. Hopefully the new one will know what she’s doing."
175993210,_NAME_ - What Child is This
175993211,How Himalayan salt lamps help to improve indoor air quality?
175993212,"50mg is still very good. I overdo it with 100mg but then by day 2 it's 50% of that so I took 100mg yesterday, now I'm on 50mg today. I think CBD keeps my panic attacks away because my panic attacks went away right during the time that I started taking CBD. If only CBD was legal back in the day, you wouldn't have had to go through benzo hell. The only reason I took 100mg was because I saw ""CBD lollipops"" which were dosed at 100mg and they costed like 15 dollars each. I bought 7,000mg of CBD for 260 dollars which will last me about a year. I make 25mg capsules by measuring on my mg weighing scale and sometimes take two a day. My mom takes 10-20mg CBD every night with 1mg of Ativan and wine and it helps her sleep but I think she would benefit from the 25mg capsules."
175993213,"You're doing awesome man! Reading, working, writing, cutting down on drinking. I haven't had an alcohol since that glass of wine made me suicidal. I'm lowering the benzos and been tapering phenibut for like months.. But I won't quit.. Keep tapering. You decide when you've had enough.. But a drug does what it does... A beautiful magic of psychoactive molecules it is.. Just like life, each has it's good and bad, heaven and hell, angels and demons... You decide.. Fight the demons.. I'm fighting still.. Although satan lures me into hell. Sometimes I can't catch my breath and I'm slipping into the deep end. I feel the current within - I can't help but give in.. And you know where you're going.. The choices. Don't lose control. I want to be FJ instead of FP most times."
175993215,"I'm almost ready to stop being addicted to sleep when I get bored of/or overwhelmed by life. It's kinda funny but also really hard cuz I think my mind is just used to sleeping all the time.. So it molded from teenage years to become THE SLEEP MIND. My mind IS sleep... And I used stimulants and what goes up, must come down.. Took a while to realize that.. Now I just use a low dose... But hopefully I can get out of the dreams and live in the real dream.."
175993216,I feel like I should be watching doomsday preppers for advice lol.
175993217,"My dad got sick and died when I was young and it sucked to grow up without him, but I managed after some therapy. Then my mom had a serious boyfriend when I was in highschool and I fought him and their relationship a lot. I didnt want him to replace my dad, but I ended up loving him so much after a few years. He made me laugh and gave me big bear hugs and told me he was proud of me. I had a friend hospitalized after trying to kill herself and he was the one who hugged me the longest as I cried. A few years go by and his life went downhill and he killed himself one drunk night. He hung himself from his attic rafters and his roomate found him in the morning. My family will never be the same, I don't know if we'll ever recover. We all blame ourselves in some small way. If only things were different before then maybe we'd still have him around. He didn't even leave us a note. We didn't even get a reason. I miss him constantly and I'm also so furious with him and guilty over that too. It's been 3 years 
now and after 1 trigger, I've spent days crying over it every moment I have alone. Even the great memories I have and want to think about are so twisted emotionally that it all just hurts my heart. My mom jokes that she kills men but I feel like I really am cursed to have any man who loves me leave."
175993218,"If you are scared to tell your mom, can you write it down? A journal entry, a short story, a poem? Or draw a picture that shows your feelings? Then maybe you could show that to your mom, and talk with her about it afterwards. It’s okay to tell her you feeling afraid too. <3"
175993219,Yes I did
175993220,"What is it that you want to do, but can’t?"
175993221,"Neither risperidone nor paliperidone are antagonists of muscarinic receptors, predicting a low rate of anticholinergic side effects, including cognitive dysfunction and gastrointestinal disturbances (Shayegan & Stahl And i know that paliperidone also has protect neuroplasticity of brain.i don t know why demonising such a fantastic drug!!"
175993222,Idk what to say. I am risperidoned. No thoughts.
175993223,I'm sweating so bad from walking here and carrying a large load of laundry. Glad I brought water
175993224,Almost all. I'm late with the final supplements. (I forgot.)
175993225,Going to sleep. What a day. My mom came home with a cold. Not good. She's not going to work in the morning because of it. My heart is beating 97bpm for some reason even though I took my beta blocker. I hope to just fall asleep fast. I just have to stick it out by taking 15mg of Dexedrine XR in the morning and one in the afternoon until I can take both in the morning on Thursday + 10mg Dexedrine IR in the late afternoon - If my doctor decides yes - Which I hope he does. Just hoping that my mom doesn't have the coronavirus. They're shutting down some of the town here because there's 9 cases in this town. ****.
175993226,Dang...one of the friends I texted since I'm not doing so great emotionally seems kind of mad. It's hard to tell the tone over text so I'm trying not to overreact. It's hard though because I don't want someone mad at me on top of everything else.
175993227,"I think I need to work on gradual exposure to being outside and in public, I think being so used to being 100% isolated is what caused my panic attack today"
175993228,"I went two days with just having 2 beers a day, and I've felt noticeable positive changes. If these keeps up I guess Ill keep doing this... Bitter sweet. Less emotion, better health. iPhone 11 pro max looks like its 1,249 bucks. Wowzers! Phones are really getting expensive. My flag ship phone was 800 when it first came out. Camera is okay, but not iPhone level. SP, sorry about your camera, I know you use it all the time. There hasn't been any big innovations for cellphones it seems, just bigger screens, no bezel, bump up on cam, and that's it, so phones are looking more are more alike. The best feature in the phone that I like is wireless charging. I hate jamming my usb cord into the charge port, it always wears it out, and it gets dusty, and after a few months it already gets bad. it's nice to just pop it on the stand and leave it. Works with my slim profile case too. But the wireless charging has been a thing for years."
175993229,"Yeah, the only thing that came up was my linked in. A bunch of people have my name. It's pretty common. The first name is super common and the last name is common in the United States and New Zealand."
175993230,"From 6:30pm-7pm I'll be going back to ""Understanding the Brain: The Neurobiology of Everyday Life"" on Coursera. I hope that I can focus. I took 30mg of CBD and another ashwagandha. I'll listen to a podcast until then... Just starting slow and easy.."
175993231,"I want to cut my hair short again. I'm not gonna do it tho until I've lost a certain amount of weight. Cuz I feel I dont look good being big with short hair. I just dont like the way I look with all that. Makes me feel ugly. So maybe I will try to lose like 40 or 50 pounds and then cut it. Hopefully my usual hairstylist will still be in business by then. Yes I feel like its gonna take ages to lose the weight, and i havent been to see him already for 3 years now or so cuz i grew it out."
175993232,"Well, the good thing is, he called back. The 2nd good thing is, you were working. So, as you said earlier, give yourself two checks in the win column. You say, ""Dr finally called back yesterday, but I was working and by the time I called him back, he was gone for the day. So... The Wonderful game of phone tag has commenced! He is currently IT, let's see how long before he tries to tag back."" Or, you could drive him up the wall by not answering the phone. I've got a plan for this. Life is playing tiddley winks with your patience. Your humor survives. I've got a feeling you're going to need it. I've already forgotten what the questions were. I couldn't be you. Multi-tasking, indeed! 123"
175993233,"For a week after I took MDMA, I got brain zaps a lot. Bright colours would triggered them (Like the different coloured brand names of food at the grocery store). It felt like a mild seizure zap. They felt good - Not to make it not serious. It could be serious.. I'm just explaining my experience.. I was in a euphoric depression. I think bipolar and epilepsy are often comorbid disorders no? I think so.. Antidepressants give brain zaps when you withdraw from them. It's lack of serotonin.."
174392867,"Delusions are now nil. Have been for a week or two. The Latuda is really working. No mania and knock on wood no depression outside of the normal human range due to environmental factors and stresses. I don't know what else to say but I feel kinda normal and like I'm an integrated persona. I felt fragmented for most of my life. It's not something I'm used to, this sanity. But it feels pretty darn good."
175993234,I'm so ****ing tired. Might switch back to Vyvanse because I did much better on it than Dexedrine.
175993235,Same been sleeping bad. I just woke up from an hour nap. I didn’t even mean to nap.
175993236,Meh...bought 2 bags of ice for margaritas. Guess I’m drinking tonight. Woot! I was telling FR yesterday that I can’t wait to hang out with my bestest but I’m like hostessed out. I just want to veg.
175993237,Still trying to get over this cold
175993238,"I'm so freaking hungry. Idk why. It's not like I didn't eat, but my stomach is growling. Abilify probably"
174392875,"Probably want to check for drug interactions on a website just to make sure before taking it ....have you checked your psych meds against Zyrtec? I can’t take that one due to abilify, it has an interaction of some sort. The tums will be gone soon enough. I know you’re on a high dose of aleve so double check that one for sure."
175993239,"Fear of poison is a sign of paranoia. Sorry you're feeling that way, _PERSON_. ((hugs))"
175993240,Eh I’m trash to some people and other people they see me as a doormat. I sometimes feel like a bad person and think I’m headed to hell of some sort or that with the stuff I go through I’m being paid karma back. I don’t know you in real life but at least you try to be nice to people and I see you as a good person.
175993241,That's scary!!!
175993242,THC has been making me extra paranoid tbh
175993243,"Took a shower, brushed my teeth, drank coffee, and am going to take a walk later"
174392887,Forus it’s by the packets like of tacos seasoning and stuff....
174392857,"• I am new, and I’m looking to vent, get educated, coping skills, advice, ANYTHING.! This will be very long and I apologize but my therapist told me about this site today, and I really need to tell my story.! • I have 4 beautiful, sweet, loving and caring children. (When they won’t to be. Lol.) I’m 33yrs old and a single mom. I work full time and provide for my kids. My middle son plays baseball, and my daughter is about to start playing Volleyball and Softball. We are very much a sports family.! So with that out the way, here is my issue: • I have a 15yr old son that has been in and out of Mental Health Facilities since he was 6yrs old. Just these past 2yrs he has actually been in and out of placements to get him away from his family. When he was 6yrs old he saw his father beating on me. From that day till now, it was like a switch went off in his brain and he has never been the same. He started acting out in very odd ways. He started setting the bed, sleep walking, was using the bathr
oom in parts of his room or in the hallway. He started hurting our animals in a bad way. He killed (suffocated) our 2 baby kittens at the time. Started getting fascinated with fire. Becoming mean and harmful to his brother (4yrs old at the time) and his sister (3yrs old at the time.) The older that he became the worse his behavior got. The more intense he was becoming. Throughout the years, he started hurting his siblings in a way that, I had to move them in my room and we had to sleep with a dead bolt on my bedroom door and a dresser in front of it. • Fast forwarding a little now and the past 2yrs. He has started coming after me these past few years. He has hurt me by physically putting his hands on me and punching on me. I have permanent nerve damage in my ring thumb from where he latched on with his teeth and would not let go until he heard the police sirens coming. He has stabbed my middle son several times. He has made very sexual threats to his 12yr old sister. He has put his hands on his sister and y
anks her hair so hard that he throws her to the ground. He has gone after neighborhood kids with knives. He still hurts our animals. He has set fires in my home several times. He has no remorse, no empathy, no emotion of any sort besides anger. He refuses to go to school. He hates authority of any kind. He hates me and his siblings. Currently, he is in a placement about 2hrs from where I live, and while being there, he has set 2 fires, destroys others property, punches holes and purposely tries to break his hand, cusses out the staff there. The first week of August the therapist there called and told me that because he wasn’t able to hit anything, he went outside for outside time, and stuck his hand/arm (up to his elbow) in a fire ant bed. Never moved it out, never even made a flinch that the ants were biting him. The staff had to forcibly move his arm out of it because he wouldn’t do it himself. When they tried to explain to him how dangerous it was, they said he shrugged his shoulders and said whatever. 
With no expression on his face, no regard whatsoever.! He is constantly in trouble with the law, and smokes weed. When I try to punish him, make him do chores, or hold him accountable for his actions or behaviors, he attacks me. Most of the time, to get back at me, he goes after his brother and sister. He hurts my children. It’s not just occasionally. It’s all the time. • I’m very frustrated and angry with our county Mental Health.! They haven’t really ever done their job with my son.! He is a prime example of a kid that’s fallen through the cracks. I truly and deeply, in my heart feel like my son is a sociopath. Maybe I am wrong, idk. I’m not a doctor. I started reaching Anti Social Personality Disorder.! His doctors say that he shows A LOT of those signatures. The problem is, they won’t label him because he is a teen. I know that he is a kid, and his brain is still developing, and there’s no telling which way he may go. Kinda like with Bi Polar Disorder. He is taking meds that target a few 
known Disorders. (schizophrenia, Bi Polar, Anti Social Personality Disorder.) • The place he is at will be discharging him in a month.! I’m terrified of him. My kids are terrified of him. I’ve lost countless of jobs because of him, because I was not allowed to leave my kids home with him. I’ve lost 2 homes because of him. I’ve been with my job now for a year, and I’m so scared that when he comes back I’m going to lose it. That happens, I lose my beautiful home, my car. My children lose their home. It’s not right.! My oldest is a very big manipulator and all his doctors see it and have told me.! He also has a Learning Disability. At 15yrs old his IQ is only 67. This is everything my son is diagnosed with right now: ADD/ADHD Combined, Oppositional Defiant Disorder, Conduct Disorder, Mood Dysregulation Disorder, PTSD. • What do I do.? How do I educate myself enough to know how to handle a kid like this. If he truly has Anti Social Personality Disorder, then how do I discipline a kid like that.? 
How do I keep him away from kids and myself.? How do I protect him.? Should I continue to demand answers from the place he’s at.? How do I protect my other children.? There’s so many questions but I’m worried there won’t be any answers.! He is going to kill me or one of my other kids. I’m not joking.!! • How do you prepare yourself for a life with a kid like my oldest.? There is A LOT more to vent about but I’m stopping it here because I know it’s already very long.! ?"
175993244,"Finished watching The Revenge of The Sith. Yup, Star Wars is my second favorite movies after Lord of The Rings. Can’t wait for the next season of The Mandalorian. _PERSON_ ran away before _PERSON_ killed the students apparently but people made memes of him peeking behind a chair."
175993245,"Hey _PERSON_, It's worth waiting for a couple of weeks. SSRIs usually show their full benefits after 2 months or so. But you can always change your meds if you think it is not working for you. In my first bout of Sertraline, I felt fully anxiety free after 3 months. But side effects (mine were increased anxiety and a couple of panic attacks) subsided after 2 weeks from the start."
175993246,"Not yet, I'll post a link when it's finished though and up on my blog"
175993247,Still kicking. ? HT
175993248,"I took 7.5mg olanzepine in total. I know I'm not a normie here but I use this as a lifeline when I'm in deep psychosis. Typing here really save me. I felt a magnetic field over my eyes like I was transmitting some data from God. I know that sounds weird but God isn't what people define it to be.. it's like where creativity comes from. I dont like to feel that creativity comes from the person but rather an unknown force, trying to use our bodies to create something...... I could go on forever. I'll just try and sleep. And to let you know, anyone can use this roll call to attempt the same thing.. cuz I know some people are scared of telling the truth.. that's what I've started to realize after being on abilify.. abilify lowers insight to self harm (And telling someone theres something wrong and theres fears.. the fear is the only thing that matters.. causing fear is considered by the brain to prevent harm to yourself or others), even if you're not psychotic.. but only probably on the high doses that 
I've been on - although I could be wrong about all of this. Just dont be scared live life the best you can. Theres many other reasons for being here like reassurance, support, hugs, understanding, love, inclusiveness, advise, to rant, to disguss, teach, update on what's happening, all in relation to ""psychosis"" which not many people understand.. unless they're in it or a very trained professional (All they know is how to treat it.. I think rarely few are smart enough to understand without ever having it..), or whatever labels we have, people can come understand for themselves for knowledge for fear of having it.. and family members.. And even I have to realize that I dont have it, even while knowing this and being diagnosed. Why? Because it can help you.. that certain symptom is objective reality.. which is different in many parts of the wor.. Ok I'm done."
175993249,"We did a food giveaway at Church this weekend. We've been doing it once a month. This month though we got hooked up somehow with a local food bank and they dropped off 150 boxes of fresh milk, eggs, produce, and meat to give out along with our bags of non-perishables. It was awesome!"
175993250,"It’s fall and I love cider and donuts.....but at the grocery they have like 12 packs, I avoided getting 12 and just got two at dunkin today, I’m calling it a win."
175993251,"_PERSON_, Suite for Orchestra in D major"
175993252,going to the food pantry tomorrow thankfully
175993253,"Saw this in a Facebook group I'm in lol Attached Images socks.jpg (51.7 KB, 12 views)"
175993254,"diet coke, just had a part of my dinner"
175993255,I ate a fruit salad for breakfast. that is all
175993256,Good luck DT! There’s a reason sleep deprivation is used as torture.
175993257,"For some reason I feel skinnier. Idk why. I’m not exactly skinnier, on the scale."
175993258,Thank you SP
175993259,Hows your kitty doing _PERSON_?
175993260,Now she’s making frozen sangria....there is this place uncle _NAME_’s here that has something called a swirl....it’s part frozen margaritas and part frozen sangria.....I don’t really drink but tried some of the bfs and wanted my own....
175993261,I know this topic has another post but I would love to hear from the ones who have success using it to help with their anxiety give me some advice. Twice I have been prescribed this. Both times I did not give it the full chance to see if it works. I always get scared of any side effects and give up. My anxiety has not given up at all and I'm ready to try full time medication to get my life in a better place.
175993262,Oh I guess vraypay is only 12 uses too...
175993263,"At first, good. Now, not so good."
175993264,"Swimming is always therapeutic for me. Today my daughter and husband went swimming. Along with a few other family members. I relaxed in the pool. Swam. Just let go of my anxieties. I’m feeling much better. Hopefully I stay eased. I keep telling myself of my heart was in bad shape or I was gonna have a heart attack, it would have happened by now... thank you so much for the kind words. I needed to vent. To someone who knows the real struggle of crippling anxiety. I’ve actually been posting here on and off since I was 16."
175993265,Is going crazy I'm just sitting here and everyone keeps blaming me for everything like I'm doing something wrong but its everyone else in there lives freak'n liars and thieves stealing our lives from us and then i get so upset i lash out and push everyone away tearing there hearts out to tear out my own heart i just wish people would talk to me more about things i would always tell the truth instead i start loosing it and i push everyone away and i always do or say things sp harsh that its almost final i hope it's not
175993266,Fell asleep for a couple hours
175993267,A sweet potato and some Brussels sprouts
175993268,A bowl of fruity pebbles
175993269,"I should be on an SSRI but I'll stick to .1g psilocybin a few times a month. I tried escitalopram and fluoxetine and they both gave me severe dissociation. When MDMA psychotherapy for trauma is legal, I'll do that.... I've been reading PiHKAL lately and it's just astonishing what _PERSON_ and his wife did. He was called ""The grandfather of ecstasy"" - And with the therapeutic use, came the raves, music festivals... But true potential in these as meds.. I will stay true to my vision.. Yes it's many things.. But so what... so waaaat"
175993270,No sleep happenin'.
174392913,I pretty much felt lonely all day. But I did try to distract myself with activities. I guess now I just need to go to bed. Not sure what else I can do.
175993271,I feel like angels and entities are guiding me I always have night euphoria before I go to sleep
175993272,"It's super new, came out in 2015. I don't think even docs know much about it."
174392919,I'm doing okay today. Doing a lot of self soothing.
175993273,"Good Morning Ruby..........Will you try a little experiment, to see if it may possibly improve the day for you? Will you concentrate on 2 things today, and every hour will you thank God for those 2 things....preferably out loud? The two statements could be ""thank You Lord that I do not have covid"" and the other thing would be ""thank you Lord for that beautiful garden which I made for my father-in-law"". Perhaps it does not sound like something you want to do, but would you try it anyhow.....just to see if it helps?"
175993274,im having a hard time with fatigue. just so worn out from working 40 hrs a week and only 2 days off. i spend my 2 days off in bed. it makes me feel like garbage
175993275,"I quit grad school and my parents flipped out. Well, mainly my mom."
175993276,I have that!
175993277,I had a terrible sleep because of the supplements I used to help me with HPPD. Was waking up constantly and didn't want to get up for another 6 hours but I had to go see the doctor. He seemed grumpy like it wasn't necessary for me to be there.. But it was very necessary cuz I needed to lower the Vyvanse from 50mg to 40mg. He then gave me a refill of zopiclone. Hopefully I won't have to use as many now that the stimulant is decreased. I'll see him in a month. But who knows.. In Canada we might not know what to do with all the dead bodies by then.. Idk...
175993278,_PERSON_ Cat said... YWC!! Hope it goes well...let us know when you can. S.C. Will do My interview is this Friday.
175993279,A hallucination looks almost real . It can be visual or auditory. But it only last for brief periode of time. I have experienced visual hallucinations when i was psychotic.
175993280,Where'd you find that? I may get one. Is that the actual title?
175993281,Two dinners. One talipa with shrimp and one salmon.
175993282,"I was diagnosed it 2004. I'm not really confident in giving advice although I would say that it is a very personal illness. For instance, I assume you have heard of _USER_ID_, alot of people would advise to join groups with them but I feel that they don't help me. I will also say that since I have taken my meds consistently I have stayed out of the hospital, which is what I want. The meds don't entirely fix the problem, I think it really remains up to the person with the illness to do the best that they can. Also exercise almost always makes me feel better. Sometimes I do a minute and a half of jump-rope and I feel better (and am able to get things done) for 3 to 4 hours... Quite a payoff for a minute and a half."
175993283,"Well strangely I have to agree with dear _PERSON_ here <3 But anyway, I am recently willing to learn more about photography. I have an old camera that my brother gave me, and since the weather is better now, my curiosity in learning how to use it forces me to go out and take walks. I promised I am going to name my first bug _NAME_ no matter what gender it is (well I can't zoom in that much yet), if I ever manage to take a macro photo :D I need a lens I assume as my camera doesn't support too close. other than that, I think I sometimes enjoy watching comedy sitcoms, and reading is something I always love doing no matter what the content is."
175993284,"My mango aio stick (the third brand) is giving nothing but dry hits. The first two brands I had before were much better and I never got a dry hit. I'm really hoping the ones I bought on Saturday are not this brand. I'm a little high from eating coffee candies all day. Well over 200 calories worth. I'll have to figure out how to have much fewer if I hope to lose weight. I've gotten off track because of the candy. And the carbs and desserts. My prior fave tastes almost like mocha after I have been eating the other brands. I love it. But I have to get control of myself. One thing that's easy is to eat a small one instead of a larger one. Especially if chain sucking candy. One of the #1 large ones are probably worth two or 3 of the small ones. I'm excited to get my new order from Vapewild. I appreciate their flavors a lot more since I have been trying very under flavored bunches of ejuices. Should have ordered more. So, I'm obsessed with this stuff. As long as I'm thinking of e-juice and candy I can ma
ke myself get through the day. Drinking lots of Coke Zeros. When nice and cold or on ice it tastes great. But I buy twice as much as regular Coke. I'm really going to have to be much more restrictive. Cut the candy and carbs. Can't pass up the good desserts though. (Apple pie, baked apples, lemon cream pie, ice cream, sherbet, etc.) I called my mom today but she was probably doing physical therapy. I'll try again tomorrow. I hope this stick is almost finished, I'm sick of these dry hits. I'd prefer my Drag to this anyway. If I were at home I'd probably vape more though. I'm not sure if Vapewild is going out of business or what. They're in TX and I don't think they've been banned yet. A lot of their stuff says out of stock or fewer choices. Yes, this new brand of coffee candy is nicely bitter with lots of sweetness. I think it's tied for second place with the former #1. Almost every night I get really hungry. I've been eating Cheezits every night. One packet is the same calories as a regular Coke. I have to ch
eese it with the Cheezits. I'm not being nearly enough restrictive. And I have to start using the bike machine again because I feel better afterwards. My initial diet euphoria didn't yet get detailed in my head. Must do better."
175993285,Oooooooo SP said F everyone
175993286,Oh no! So sorry! Get to feeling better!
175993287,Nope......
175993288,So tomorrow I will be returning home. I feel a bit nervous about the trip home but I am sure it is one of those things where I will get calmer as I am driving.
175993289,That sounds incredible.....but 9 times out of ten I need decaf in a tea...it’s limiting.....
175993290,Going skiing today. Took me a while to fall asleep. I don't feel the greatest. I feel a little sleep deprived. Cognitive impairment - irritable mood.
175993291,"I know this sounds weird, but since I’ve been having paranoia again about COVID, I been getting these cold chest pain feelings. Like my chest is cold and it hurts. I also have a huge hole in the center of my hoodie cuz my dog chewed it. Idk what’s going on but yea."
175993292,The exercise yesterday gave me a deep sleep
175993293,I feel quite horrible and stressed out
175993294,Happy birthday!
175993295,Omg!
175993296,Im sorry. That’s awful
175993297,"Not a confident driver in traffic. I have to do a test run if it is necessary to drive anywhere. But you are right in that not working could be a self-defeating spiral and its important to have something to do, lined up. Delivery driver is not a bad option tho' , apart from being a lighthouse keeper"
174392947,"I've been experiencing symptoms of anxiety, PTSD and psychosis for almost two years now. I think I might be schizophrenic."
175993298,_AT_MENTION_ cool kitty gaming ears too! Happy Early Birthday!
175993299,Oh _PERSON_... lol that's so unbelievable nonsense stay awayyyy
175993300,Humour too. I sometimes lose my sense of humour. It's the only thing that keeps me alive.
175993301,That’s great news ?
175993302,Sounds fun! I’ll get VR one day
175993303,Nice!!!!!!
175993304,I actually meant to get some. But I forgot today....I had read about some chocolate covered strawberry cremes......
175993305,"Thanks, I like that!"
175993306,I think you were happy yesterday but it was mixed with sort of confusion about how your body felt which caused anxiety etc.
175993307,"This sounds quite a bit like some psychosis stuff I had years ago. But as suggested, you need to be sure there are no medical reasons for this first."
175993308,"I still want to watch Star Trek, not sure what to start with though, sorry about the vaping thing"
175993309,"I would not stop them all with Psychosis, been there even with the best care and a long taper it all came back. Only you know what’s best for you... I think the confusion comes from the duality of your illness...depression and psychosis...in a way they feed into each other, but they have seemingly different needs. If you trust your pdoc leave this type of decision to them. It’s so much easier than trying to listen to different people with different stories. We’re all different and respond to meds differently so for person A no meds may be a solution but it’s incredibly rare."
175993310,Taking 1g phenibut then tomorrow I'll take 900mg etc.. Layed in bed for 8 hours. Felt like 5 minutes. Tossing and turning didn't fall asleep once. Went for a hike yesterday and no time for rest which is bad. But my heart is ok. Bought nicotine spray cuz maybe quitting that was contributing to it and also the CBD flower joint I smoked before bed. I'm learning about investing and cryptocurrency. I'm just gonna keep doing that to pass time until I feel better again. Right now I'm enjoying the morning at 9am cuz I always wake up usually at noon or 1pm. Gonna make a coffee. It is what it is.. Hope everyone has a good day..
175993311,_PERSON_ is coming home from work early. Says he has the runs real bad.
175993312,"I feel much better for some reason! All of a sudden I just started feeling better D: Also, after I was feeling better, my mom told me that she is anxious for her appointment tomorrow to get results from her ultrasound about the other lump in her breast. That's why she wanted to have fun. So I said, ""Now I feel bad for feeling bad"" lol.."
175993313,Ugh I have lice D:
174392953,"took 100mg clozapine, hoping no akathisia."
175993314,"Almost forgot them, but remembered in time for them to be called morning meds."
175993315,Sounds like you need a trip to... Barnes and Noble? IDK non-Canadian book chains.
175993316,I hope after I blow through my high speed data the slow data is good enough to listen to podcasts. Because the WiFi here is so weak.
175993317,I'm so stressed out that the mental pain in my mind just turns to crying I feel like turning back to drugs to escape reality _USER_ID_: I'm scared. I'm so scared because I can't relax or do things. It feels like I'm in hell. Almost as bad as my bad trip.
175993318,"I just knew from the title itself <3 I miss _NAME_ a lot, I didn't manage to contact her lately really, and to be honest feeling guilty. Had lots on my plate. But as far as I know, she has quite much to do as she is taking care of the cute doggo."
175993319,"I'm trying to let myself eat whatever I want from 12pm - 6pm and it's hard to let myself let go. I had a salad, then some fish skin, and a 3/4 pineapple jelly cup. But I just... can't help myself but count calories and obsess."
175993320,"Hi Girl! In a word, hormones!!! Hope you’re feeling ok! I have a mammogram in a week or so and I know the stress!"
175993321,What do you have to do Newtus?
175993322,I don't know. I'll go tomorrow and then I'll ask my T about it.
175993323,Showered and shaved
175993324,"Just my old pdoc of whom I am still technically a patient. I don't know what else to do. Honestly, the anxiety was getting out of control."
175993325,"So pokemon is cool. You can set up a camp in the wilderness and visit other peoples camps online, and make different curry dishes for your pokemon. Plus pokemon have jobs now. The graphics are good, not the best but good. It's more 3d now."
175993326,"I think today will be rather boring at work. My boss is out today and tomorrow and there doesn't seem to be much going on. I have a busy day after work, a call with my case manager, and a session with Pastor _PERSON_ and then Bible Study tonight. I'm going to get really tired though if there isn't much to do at work today."
175993327,Congrats!
175993328,Morning guys
175993329,Had lasagna and salad for dinner
175993330,"Yeah I wrote somewhere in my notes ""Start taking lots of pictures because you don't remember *****...."
175993331,"Thank you for posting & sharing, _AT_MENTION_. My voices don't sound like other people I know. They seem to have their own separate minds, all with consistantly distinct personalities & sounds to their voices. I can identify with what you're describing when I'm dreaming. Could it be that your brain is causing you to dream while you're awake during difficult times?"
175993332,"I absolutely understand. My pdoc wanted me off meds and so did I, while I was “fine” for nine months every day I was afraid I’d relapse , it just didn’t feel right and then one day I did......so we went for as low a dose as possible. 7.5mg abilify....my golden ticket.....not a zombie not psychotic.....abilify is nice because it’s a partial agonist so it’s more activating than zombifying.... I hope you find a golden ticket....."
175993333,"I did it. I finished my chapter on _NAME_. I took 50 pages worth of notes and shrunk it down to a 20 pages dialogue., My memory is back, and I like it. I'm working on all gears now. God im elated that it's back. It took months! Also, more good news. I trimmed my beard, and... I keep on losing weight. I feel comfortable with my body again. I don't know how much I lost but if my waistline gets any smaller I'm going to need a new belt because im at the skinniest notch on it. This new diet thing is really working out. Still, im surprised at how slow my metabolism is now compared to when I was mentally fit. Things are looking up. I even cut out my morning starbuck's energy drink, and replace it with my protein shake in the morning. I always took that at night, but I might as well drink it in the morning and replace that 3 dollar starbucks! I still eat crap for dinner though... My lunch is 3 beers and chips lol. God my diet is not nutritious at all. I just don't have the will to cook anymore. My apathy f
or basic maintenance is next to zero. But somehow I have the will to get up and focus for work. that surprises me."
175993334,"Nothing, at the moment. Had a mashed potato bowl with meatballs and tomato sauce from the major chain convenience store earlier, plus a diet A&W root beer."
175993335,Thanks everyone
175993336,I'm good. A lot less anxious and the Zyprexa finally kicked in.
175993337,There's more life out there for me
175993338,_PERSON_ up young lady. We all go through phases of depression & anxiety. I am 58 and been dealing with social anxiety since I was dropped when I was born. Zoloft & Buspar is what I take and seems to work well. Let me know how your feelings.
175993339,My physical health is probably the hardest thing I’m struggling with. On a daily basis. I just can’t seem to eat healthy or exercise. At all. I’m getting nervous now due to hypochondriac feelings
175993340,"S29, You mean decrease it right? You don't want it higher because that would *increase* your anxiety. Exercises is a great way to burn off stress hormones such as Adrenaline and Cortisol. Coping skills is another great way to manage things. Waking up, exercising for a bit if possible followed by deep breathing exercises/meditation/progressive muscle relaxation, ect is a great way to start the day as stress free as possible. S.C."
175993341,I've had a lot of friends ghost me too. It sucks.
175993342,_NAME_ ft. _NAME_ - Chained to the Rhythm
175993343,No. I sleep.
175993344,"I have a liberal arts degree. Basically, the idea is for a person to be well-rounded, so you take courses in many different subjects. For example, I majored in French literature, but I also took calculus and physics because I had math and science requirements. That's how it is in the US though. I don't know what it's like in your country."
175993345,Lol! Weird!
175993346,Last thing you need is psychedelics.
174392989,"I hope upping the Abilify helps you _AT_MENTION_. Have you ever tried Vyvanse? I'm on that instead of Adderall. I like Vyvanse, but it is hard to sleep with it and if I recall correctly sometimes you have trouble sleeping? I usually have to take a sleep med. But I do like how I feel with the Vyvanse. Very like focused."
175993347,I hope it helps......
175993348,"I'm glad you are getting by without the xanax. I take as needed. Some days I don't need it at all. I found help with mindfulness and meditation too. Also, I would try taking a half of one instead of a whole one. Often it worked. Either way I am happy for you."
175993349,"Sorry about everything that's going on Newtus, I hope things improve with time"
175993350,"I’m anxious and upset. I know you’re not supposed to, but I googled some physical issues I’m having and I’m pretty sure I have this. There’s only a few times in my life where I’m right about physical issues and this one is staring me in the face. Some neuropathy issues due to my lower back having that compressed disc."
175993351,"SP, _PERSON_, Do i have to build sarcosine in my system for 2 weeks like other medications?"
175993352,Thanks for the new roll call Desoxyn
175993353,Going to try to catch Mewtwo in Pokemon Lets Go. wasn't able to my first time and then you have to beat the elite four again for him to reappear in the cave.
175993354,Friday Gold
175993355,Did laundry and went grocery shopping. Still have to go to Family Dollar later. I don't know why people don't understand the 6ft distance thing in the grocery store. This was the second or third time someone was all up on me in the checkout line.
175993356,Y’all and your WoW. Meanwhile I’m sitting here thinking about another expansion pack for the sims.
175993357,I restarted my YouTube channel. Posted the link in snapchat. Blah I hope it’s good
175993358,"No, I was on the oral tablets before but I’m on the injection now. Along with other meds. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175993359,"I do see the similarities in the stuff he's shown me.... I'm not saying he's wrong. He most likely is right . And he's a psychologist so he can diagnose it, he also does testing and research I just feel like it doesn't change anything. It's not like I'm gonna go around telling ppl I'm autistic . I know I am different from others...I know they know as well. Idk"
175993360,"Not yet but I took them yesterday, didnt the day before, but did the day before that, didnt the day before that but... Yeah. Im kinda noncompliant. Sometimes I want to work on that and other times I just want to be FREE"
175993361,Crabs are awesome ?
175993362,Feeling horrible. I'm sick of life.
175993363,"Hi TMO, Sorry to hear about the recent stomach issues. Very unpleasant...I know. It sounds like you may need to continue with the PPI for a bit longer. Increased stomach acid (which can be stress induced) will cause nausea. So talk to your doctor and ask if you should reinstate the Prilosec... ...and of course, practice your anxiety management skills daily. Peace and progress! _PERSON_"
175993364,"I sent you the link. I hope you enjoy it, It's biblical, psychological, and apocalyptical. =)"
175993365,I keep checking my email compulsively like there's going to be something new on there. Not the case! I should know better than to look at email constantly. Oh well.
175993366,"Yes, took one first thing this morning"
175993367,Cup of Swiss Miss cocoa
175993368,"I needed a little something extra after hearing about my sis, and luckily I had powdered sugar...."
175993369,.
175993370,I got accepted into that university
175993371,One of my long term goals is to continue to keep successfully managing my bipolar disorder for the rest of my life.
175993372,"Yes definitely, I was gonna take some pics tonight but I'll wait till everything is all set up nice. It's such an amazing apartment"
175993373,That’s cool y’all! Most of my games are digital.
174393033,"I'm really struggling with anhedonia, and I don't have an outlet, an escape to feel something. I keep reminding myself to turn on music, even thought it doesn't help. I really miss alcohol, even though it only gave me the mildest pleasure, i wouldn't even say pleasure, I'd say it make me conscious of some inkling of emotion that one needs to live and function besides anxiety and frustration. I can't resort to drugs or alcohol. Music is helping really. PC Games? I can't think of any ""great"" games that are moving right now but I'll look later. The book i have been reading is in the right direction, on romanticism, mystery and wonder. Writing seems to be the one of the things that help my escape but I'm not going to write stories like the one i just wrote every few months. So i need to keep on reading and expanding my horizon which takes months of preparation honestly. I literally have books and essays to read for each short book I write. Regarding my dad who also has schizophrenia, i'm debating whe
ther to give him copies of two of my short stories, because he has paranoia like me, and he might think my stories are about him, when they aren't, and I don't want that to stress him out. I just think he'd find them interesting, especially considering we are both lonely people."
175993374,Going Down in Flames - 3 Doors Down
175993375,"An absolutely heroic post, _PERSON_. So proud of you. Here is how I relate. I an exquisitely sensitive and a major empath. I adore being w children. Have always been a nurterer. Have always had closer relationships with women. I use language more often used by women. Yes, I am fairly large, fairly strong, like football, and was a surgeon. Only attracted sexually to women, but so are lots of women. I am almost exactly like my father in this regard. I have often felt I was more like a woman than many men. Yes, I have a drive, but sex has never been a priority. My ideal woman is a tall, thin, very smart and talented woman with light hair from Sydney. But the part that really attracts me is not physical, it is talent and brains. Kills me every time. But the current version of Sydney Girl is totally married and I am psychotic all the time, so not likely. Oh well... .. Hugs and love, _PERSON_. You are not alone."
175993376,Slept 8 hours (4am-12pm). Good sleep. I took a temazepam because I took the Vyvanse later in the day. Hopefully I'll fall asleep with just a zopiclone tonight.
175993377,Yep. From 10mg to 15mg.
175993378,I did it again. I got a huge sugar rush from Nutella. Just a few scoops. Not whole spoonfuls thing. Still. I feel insane but like just a bouncy energy. Make it makes me sick thinking it’s all sugar. So unhealthy. Wish I hadn’t don’t that.
175993379,My christmas is going to be a very lonely Christmas we are only allowed to spend if we are alone with 1 or 2 people in our core bubble. Because the covid cases are high in province and thats what the PHO orders are.
175993380,Invega Trinza is 10k dollars per injection? Wat?
175993381,"I went to Family Dollar. Was trying to find Oreos (for New Years Eve) but couldn't so got a boxed brownie mix instead. I also bought some cranberry juice and ginger ale, they're really good mixed together. My doctor wants me to try Topamax so I'm going to be trying that/ titrating up on that whenever I get my prescription. We talked today so she just sent it to my pharmacy. So... I guess if the side effects are too much to deal with I can always stop it. Now my goal is to not look up topamax horror stories online and freak myself out."
174393049,"Hi (new here, but I deal with this) -- I'm one of those people who DID research a lot (especially when on wrong meds) into 'targetted individuals' and 'stimdust' and that kind of thing (technologies which COULD very well explain what i was experiencing, and still do).. Now I'm on risperidone again, and CALM and mostly NOT REACTING to it (even internally), but when i'm in crowds like in a loud restaurant, or even not in crowds like walking in a hotel hallway/elevator, i hear people who know too much about what i'm thinking. It's difficult to explain if you haven't dealt with it, but I just learned this is what they mean by 'thought broadcasting'. An example from more than a year ago, in a crowd, or restaurant, I'd notice people staring at their smart phones and reacting (commenting/repeating/mocking) as if they were reading real time transcripts of my ANXIOUS (at the time) thoughts. On top of that, because my head is 'normally quiet', the fact that i am having so many thoughts lead me to believe tha
t these thoughts are ""inserted"" (psych terminology - thought insertion). This is schizophrenia forum, i have 'schizoaffective' diagnosis which features both schizophrenia and bipolar in my case. On my current meds, this is happening FAR LESS OFTEN than on my previous two med tries, but it still happens."
175993382,I am seeing a counselor that understands PTSD our sessions are face to face on the computer. Psychology Today has lots of resources hope that helps
175993383,"I'm going to try and take a few walks tomorrow, just to get out of the house. Need to go to the store anyway. Not sure what time I'll get to sleep tonight. It's been taking me till about midnight to fall asleep the past few days. I get enough rest though so that's good."
175993384,"Sorry again. _PERSON_ brought something to my attention. He said living here with our income now, allows us to live comfortably and I didn’t think of it like that. But I like that."
175993385,How come men in general never feel the urge to bake?
175993386,"""I am HOPEFUL"" - Guided Meditation YouTube This is one of my favorite meditations. Maybe you'll like it too"
175993387,Kids are not being effected around the world. Very small percentage. The panic in australia is off the scale. Am not buying into the hysteria. If covid 19 don't get am sure i will be run over by a truck! Live life. HT
175993388,"Hi, thank you for your in-depth and genuine account as a lot of what you have explained here is universal to us all. It's all was disappointed me that we are the same in so many levels though no one can see it, once again thank you and I hope you have a positive experience using this forum, as it's one of the better ones."
175993389,Turkey and havarti sandwich
175993390,"I went from fearing death to looking up methods of death. entertaining the idea but honestly when it comes to the _USER_ID_ gritty if I had a painless, quick, and a pill that is certain to kill me... I'd take it. i mean i'm not depressed at the moment. I feel peaceful if anything. they're calling my name telling me to come to them."
175993391,Carrots w/ hummus
175993392,"For me, in high school and into young adulthood, I was friends with people who did drugs or were not stable for any reason."
175993393,I just realized my stomach might be hurting like it is because I'm on my period. It does this every first couple of days I'm on it.
175993394,Hope you feel better soon _AT_MENTION_
175993395,"I'm going to bed soon. But the poetry jam is 3 weeks away. During that time, when I can, I am going to listen to Listener, the band, and try to perfect my poetry."
175993396,Bought Job’s new book last night!
175993397,"Finished winter scene Attached Images IMG_2650.jpg (236.1 KB, 15 views)"
175993398,"Well I dunno in what type of therapy you are but serious mental illness takes a while. Over in the NPD forum the highscore seems to have always been <= 1year of therapy before they aborted it and that's simply not enough for fundamental changes. PD therapy to my knowledge is 5-10 years. And it can be expected to become worse first before it gets better, so it requires a lot of stubborn pushing forward. What type of therapy are you in? -- Sep 16th, '19, 15:34 -- Thank you. Well its part of the splitting I guess, my control personality is annoyed because it creates psychosomatic problems when I am watching stuff I find very emotional or when I am creating certain melodies etc and I get terribly tense or something. Also in therapy I find its a problem because I never know how I am responding internally to interpretations or something; not only that but my therapist, too often doesnt know what emotion I am ""showing"". So it complicates stuff. If there is some blip of emotionality, or some ""connect"" 
to some emotional topic in hmm... I dunno how to describe it, like it becomes mor real than it is normally?... this switches - and my whole idea about it becomes quickly the opposite and I absolutely dont want to feel emotions at all, never again."
175993399,"Yes, please dont. I missed you a lot and I am glad u are back with us. I'm getting pokemon tomorrow, but I dont think I will be addicted. I cant be anyway. I have to work next week."
175993400,This week was pretty much the same as it was for me last week.
175993401,_PERSON_ did nothing and I'm overwhelmed by reality I have so many regrets and suffer from nihilism
175993402,"Hugs _PERSON_....it’s really not like you when you have so much good going on, but you do have sza and if you’re entering a depression it’s possible it could cause this."
175993403,"Possible trigger: I feel like a failure because of having to take the last half of the semester off and that I don't have a job, have had fleeting suicidal thoughts. I'm trying to ignore them though. I'm working with my case manager of finding a part time job though. I just feel like my life is a waste"
175993404,"_AT_MENTION_ My dad uses pot. It works for him. It has long term effects on me when I use it continually. Plus pot doesn't allow me to entertain long trains of thought which is not productive for my passion of writing. That's why I stay away from it personally. It's interesting that you seem to think with pictures, for I tend to thing by experience. I never really thought about this either until you told me you think in pictures. I crave the experience of awe in the dark sublime found in sadnesss, regret, dread; or in bright beauty found in _PERSON_, hope, the gift of giving. Whatever I find interesting I try to crown it in an experience that I hope to cultivate an emotion around it. That's part of why the Myers Brigg test got me right when they labeled me an Infj, which is intuition base, which is directed towards emotional experience. My second story is all about this."
175993405,"Bumble subscription, ha."
175993406,*Cough* _PERSON_ *Cough*
175993407,I'm a train wreck lol.I try to keep some sense of humor
175993408,Had lunch at the Salvation Army. It was good. I hadn’t been eating enough the past week from being sick and then the tooth extraction.
175993409,I did it! I had a shower. So much work.
175993410,"That's really sweet, my cats are like that too, they always seem to know when I'm upset and help comfort me"
175993411,That’s really great! I went to college for design but didn’t finish I ended up being a CNA and working at a school for the blind and tutoring ESL
175993412,Welp hopefully my stupid mistake gets me caught for it and well another thing happening.
175993413,"Hi _PERSON_, My week was okay. It was hot most of the time. And my anxiety has been higher than normal. There have been a few different issues. But I am breathing and hanging in there. Cooler today. Hope everybody is well. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175993414,I am trying to do no caffeine after 5 pm from now on. I have been drinking coffee late at night and I think it doesn't help my sleep much.
175993415,I’ve been playing video games all day it’s like how did it get to 5:30?
175993416,I just felt weird all of sudden listening back to my album recordings I just did. I felt like I was gonna pass out for a sec. idk what happened.
175993417,What is the DAW interface like for the sampler? Is it like a regular drum machine with like 16 key things?
175993418,"Hi Medved. After 12 days on the medication there are both hits and misses. I am sleeping better/more completely, and my overall level of anxiety (which had become pretty serious) has improved significantly. What I have not liked is that I always feel medicated. and just not myself My speech has slowed and I always feel unsteady or about to fall. And as you said, I worry about becoming addicted to the Benzodiazepines. Although librium seems to have less of an incidence of this happening. Another weird side effect is that I seem to always be agitated and/or angry. _PERSON_ very much for yourvresponse and concern. I'll keep you posted on my experience."
175993419,"I think for the rest of my cleaning tomorrow and Wednesday I'll put on Christmas music, that always motivates me and puts me in a good mood"
175993420,"I feel similar. Just changed my mind about going to mass. Idk what my problem is. Chinese sounds good lol I'm sorry you're not seeing your bf this weekend, hope you get to see each other soon"
175993421,"Morning I cant believe it's already Tuesday. Time is tickin'. I got very upset at my mom. I tried to re-invite her to help. Shes all like ""can u see about getting moving help, cuz (stepdad) shoulder is injured and I been having issues with my arthritis."" I looked it up and told her it would be 200 something for 2 movers for 3 hours. She said ""just get 1 helper for 1 or 2 hours and I'll put the money in your account"" Blah blah blah I did it and ordered it. Came back and said it was 140. She said ""well maybe we can do it ourselves."" I said ""are you serious? I already ordered it. Now I'm out of 140 bucks...!"" I blew up on her about that plus from earlier today. She said ""funny you say that, it always seems to be me that's out."" So I've had about enough. I'm mostly likely going to tell them dont come. Im pissed af. Tired of her back and forth shyt. Whether is about us fighting or her telling me the wrong things to do. So I'm not inviting her over."
174393098,Welcome to roll call
175993422,"Cant really seem to get ahold of anybody today. I had to call my doctor, my job counselor, and this other apt complex. Nobody answered."
175993423,"Maybe find something that inspires you, this could be a new career or a love interest that you have, or it could be a passion in life may it be creative writting or to practice the Arts like painting or music, or study your symptoms and become active. Even after the COVID thing has passed people still need to live, you still have time, as do I. When someone propositions you with the offense that you are late, remind them later for what ! Nothing, happen's before it's time,,"
174393115,"Thank you very much, _AT_MENTION_! That is so encouraging!! Hugs & love to you!!"
175993424,God I have so much cleaning to catch up on it feels overwhelming. I guess I should just break it down into different tasks and make my way through it
175993425,Sounds like a really cool cake. What's the occasion?
175993426,He must have been a doctor from the future that implanted his brain into a 9 year old
175993427,Exciting!!
175993428,Why do you think you have that?
175993429,Guys and girls I feel so good
175993430,Omfg I woke up late and I have to take a zopiclone EVERY NIGHT. I tried taking a mirtazapine but it made my HEART BEAT WEIRD. It was horrible. I'm never taking an antihistamine like drug again. But now I'm dependent on zopiclone to sleep. It's ****ing ridiculous. I might have to wake up at 4am every 2nd-3rd night to cure my insomnia and ditch the zopiclone. It's gonna be horrible.
175993431,"I don't watch movies anymore. But I want to start again. I'm gonna find a movie, smoke sativa and then watch it ^^ I'll let you know what movie it is and if it's good."
175993432,Wish it were snowing here. We are having a heat wave with temperatures in the 90's. Bleh. Not good for the fires raging across CA and the west. Turkey dinner sounds good. Is it for Thanksgiving?
175993433,"same as _NAME_, anticipatory, but with new situations, meetings etc. i not suffer with, but rather live with it. HT"
175993434,So I was showering today and thinking about stuff that normally triggers a major panic attack with dissociation and it didn't happen (it's 2 days 15 hours without caffeine so far) I have to be up super early tomorrow because maintenance is coming to change the furnace filter or something like that. So I'm gonna stay up. Cause there's no way I'd wake up on time otherwise. And then I have to walk over to that place in the afternoon to get my covid shot.
175993435,cranberry sauce
175993436,"And yeah, I'm gonna try the three things at once thing to try to break out of this funk. I am having trouble figuring out a third thing though."
175993437,"Is there any place besides the hospital u can feel safe at? Do you know any other friends, family, or anyone?"
175993438,"I love mine! I have severe anxiety and used to be woken by night tremors/attacks, so my boyfriend got me a 12lb, stone weighted blanket. I honestly haven’t had a severe attack since then. I sleep with it every night. When it’s a really warm night, I fold it up and just place it over my stomach so I still have the extra weight, but don’t overheat. I’d definitely recommend it"
174393116,"I'm dealing with trauma induced psychosis and panic attacks. When I told my mom about OCD thoughts, she understood what I was saying and the depersonalization/derealization went away with 10mg of olanzepine (The dose that my psychiatrist put me on before I wanted to go off of it). It's really complicated solipsism and I think I'm being targeted by a group of gangstalkers that got the wrong person because I typed identities of the old man that sexually harassed me in the psych ward... I'm not sure what is real and I'll have to write it all out.. But what was said is so bizarre and complex, about time machines and travelling faster than the speed of light and Possible trigger: rape , politics, everything. My mom said that anyone would turn crazy by this. I don't even care enough to type it all out but I have to otherwise my OCD will keep repeating horrible intrusive thoughts that aren't even real. Being in the psych ward damaged me more now than when I came in there the first place. I feel like I'm b
eing monitored or something. But I have good enough insight although it doesn't magically make me express everything clearly - Just that why I suppose it's disorganized schizophrenia."
175993439,"slept some, hoping I don't stay up tonight."
175993440,"Thanks, everyone! I appreciate all the responses."
175993441,"Same here, and I found this cool Cozy Christmas Coffee shop video with jazz Christmas music playing in the background Cozy Christmas Coffee Shop Ambience with Smooth Jazz Christmas Music, Crackling Fire, & Cafe Sounds - YouTube"
175993443,Doing online quizzes to distract myself and a couple say I show signs of Aspergers? Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175993444,I cant seem to write or do anything lately. Just so much stress. Fiances been gone since morning. His dad is supposed to have the surgery but the risks are higher than normal because the doctors said 80 percent of his heart isnt working properly. Like 80 percent is blocked. I guess they mean arteries or something. Idk. I wont find out what he means until he gets home. He said something about a heart transplant but I know his dad couldn't get one cuz he drinks and smokes and not just cigs. Apparently his dad was using K2 a few years ago. And I have that job interview this friday and I'm just not ready at all. The dog chewed up my shoes I bought for work interviews not long after I got them. So idk what _NAME_ do.
175993445,I got clothes for work. But I'm doubting my ability to work since I could barely walk for an hour straight. I got a new job.
175993446,One of the people in the next room is getting distance visitors. Like 6 or 7 people outside my window and right outside hers. I wonder if she can open her window. She must otherwise why would a dozen people show up at her window. I guess I'll call my mother. I hope she's ok.
175993447,We had just bought a pillow top too before I moved out from my dads. But this one is unlike anything I’ve ever had in my life.
175993448,"Awe, my niece wants to go to the Monterey CA Aquarium for her birthday (I've been there once but it's been years) AND she wants me to come. I can take the time off of work, that's okay. I just have to arrange for my parents to take care of my diabetic cat. I love that my niece has been asking to go places since my sister separated from her husband. My niece wanted to go to the zoo and they went to the zoo and they went to Magic Mountain and now the aquarium. All the years of me taking them places in the Summer rubbed off on one of those kids! Now I just need to make sure that my parents can take care of my cat and then I can go to the aquarium for my niece's birthday. She's going to be 17 this year. Where has the time gone?! I swear she was four yesterday!"
175993449,"Bitcoin and Ripple are risssinnggg. And they will only rise. In the future we'll be hearing of many more bitcoin millionaires. I'm gonna invest 1k in ripple on two days cuz that's all I have. By the end of the year it could rise from 38 cents to 5-10 dollars. Then I make 13-26k. If it's the next bitcoin, I'll have 2,368,421 dollars. Then I'll put it in the bank and live off of 42k a year on interest. My mom has the rest of my money cuz I spend on drug but I'll ask her for money to invest the rest in bitcoin cuz it will rise from 11k to 150k on May 24th 2020."
175993450,"you shouldnt feel that way an rembemer that you matter at least your stepparent told your bio parent why did u even have her, when you were in labor with her u should of let her die due to my mild CP and constantly dealing with his verbally emotionally abusive towards me AND COnstantly getting compared to your siblings because they can do more things like move out etc"
175993451,What better time to get all into arts and crafts and stuff than during a pandemic where you’re supposed to stay home lol
175993452,"that's cool do you have any games in mind? if you're into retro stuff, I highly recommend getting this one: Access Denied Rare Replay has Banjo Kazooie games from the N64! And as I said before, if you don't buy digital games in general, then just buy used. No sense in buying new Xbox One games if the games are being downloaded off the internet when you put the disc in, unless new games are cheaper. I buy off eBay a lot, but GameStop has buy 2 get 2 free on used games under $10, so that's a pretty good deal right now."
175993453,Yes sometimes I feel the same way with my medications but I know 5 years ago I was in the darkest black hole and medications did help me come out and see the light. Life is still hard and it’s real tough feeling alone. I have a lot of great friends but some I don’t always share everything. When I do share I feel bad for them because they never know what to say. Sometimes it gets real lonely
175993454,Half an avocado and an apple
175993455,Morning folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. Ive not been feeling to great i'm currently withdrawing from my Olanzapine and i'm getting a lot of withdrawal effects so feeling pretty rough i'm down to 5mg from 15mg and will stay at 5mg for two weeks before dropping to 2.5mg. Hope you have all had a good week. _PERSON_
175993456,_PERSON_ white chocolate bar
175993457,"Will somebody do a pulling motion to get souls off of me? it feels like they come off, then I feel better."
175993458,Chicago traffic...
175993459,Yeah same if I sleep in on the weekend I’m fine but during the week I’m so groggy in the morning.
175993460,good luck with your appointment _PERSON_. I think your doctor probably has some options if you ask them
175993461,Sorry to hear...hoping you got some sleep...
175993462,Why do u as people questions and you rarely post anything about YOU here?
175993463,"Yes, I take citalopram, a close relative of Lexapro. It takes a while for things to settle down and for the good effects of the medication to settle in. I remember having continued anxiety symptoms for a month or two after starting citalopram, but didn't have the tingling you describe. Do you feel any less anxiety? It should be starting to diminish by now. If not, it's wise to check in with your PCP for advise. In my case, it took several months for the medication to take full effect, but my anxiety was noticeably less within a couple of months. Sometimes, Lexapro (or citalopram) may be interacting with other meds. Again, check with your PCP or pharmacist. At the time I started taking citalopram I wasn't on any other meds (now I am, but none interfere with the anxiety-reducing effect of citalopram). Take care and hang in there. Let us know how things are going with this med."
175993464,"So tired and cold, trying to pass the time till I can go to sleep"
175993465,Thank you. With my first break I thought someone had bugged my house. I hope I don't have this for years and years. Very hard to live with the fear and mistrust.
175993466,I'm the same newtus... I had been manic and now I'm crashing...
174393170,"I feel lost due to the lack of a relationship. I got dumped by my most recent ex last christmas. Like I am 217lbs, I'm trying to quit smoking and I've been on a pescatarian diet for a week now trying to fix my weight. Aside from my weight and smoking I feel that my mental issues are a big hindrance when it comes to finding a relationship. I'm avoiding bars cause they're mostly seedy in my area and I've never liked clubbing. And bars used to be my go to places for hooking up prior to developing schizoaffective disorder. Basically going by how gross I look naked plus my serious mental issues I wouldnt even date me so I cant complain too much. All I'm doing is trying to look good so that I can fit comfortably in a casket cause right now it looks like I'm going to die alone."
175993467,therapy?
175993468,"called the pharmacy, they said my refills would be ready by 6pm tonight."
175993469,"What do you consider intellectually stimulating? As mentioned for me, it depends on what piques my interest at the time. Of course, politics, religion and science (random new information) have some sort of mainstay. The issue with religion is that it's hard to debate faith and science is just fact as much as we know right now. Of course, some of those science facts are pretty darn good but how healthy is an egg? Yes, moderation is key. In politics, it's always interesting to see how someone arrived at an idea and stuck with it. Of course, the problem with politics is whether they arrived there on fact, faith or their ass. So really, the only thing intellectually stimulating is someone presenting an idea, some data to back it up, I haven't seen it yet but it somehow interests me. Who is better at that than the collective mind of the internet?"
175993470,"Thank You, for all your feedback, it's great news that you find the topics of interest as I am asking questions as to how a form of countermeasures can seriously aid you to cope and navigate through whats supposed to be a delusion or visual hallucination when they are in fact psychological assaults. Has or would anybody upon this forum ever thought in terms of hearing voices and being subject to cause stalking/mobbing campaigns within their community as a very real converted threat upon the mental well being and lively hood of that said individual. I know full well learning a little bit about counter-surveillance and psychological warfare can assist you more than you think, the question is has anybody asked why that is so!"
175993471,"Getting some more baking chips to add to my collection, white chocolate, and also _NAME_'s peanut butter chips."
175993472,"Holy. Cow. I tried to play _PERSON_ 2 years ago and there was a glitch with the graphics that appeared would have never been fixed. Today, I installed Skyrim and with little hope started the game up. IT WORKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YIPEE!!!!! I feel like a child again. I haven't played a good game in a very long time, and the precious elderscroll game was in the top 5 games i've ever played! This is so cool!"
175993473,"I enjoyed Christmas with my parents. We went out to eat at a hotel in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, not far from where I live here in Maine. The cupcakes were the best I've ever had! Now it's on to New Year's Eve and New Years Day."
175993474,I'm feeling lonely...maybe people don't know what to say or are afraid of me idk... I feel good. Just lonely.
175993475,"I can relate to a lot of the delusions just more personalized to me. The tv and radio talks about my life. I guess I could say I have the _NAME_ Show delusion too. I have bad delusions about the actors/actresses. I think I know them in real life with their real names. So I have separated in my head who I would trust or wouldn’t trust in Hollywood/music..I think I can read body language..which makes me believe I am psychic or something. At one point thought I controlled the weather but I figured that one out. My grandmothers legs used to ache before rain, like a human barometer. So I think our body is in tune with nature and not me controlling nature. Has anyone caught your delusion or talked yourself out of it?"
175993476,The Psychopath & The Sociopath: A Masterclass - YouTube prep lesson.
175993477,"It sounds like you have already given up, ""beyond what is possible"" for you. You haven't really ever depended on yourself for much I don't think. If you could make a step forward, just out of your comfort zone, it would unlock all kinds of choices and possibilities beyond what you currently think. I hate to sound like a broken record but you really do need to cultivate independence to move forward, starting small steps. Have you ever wanted to buy a car? I've never owned one but cars made a lot of difference in my life when I was young. For me, feeling independent made me climb higher like a chain reaction."
175993478,"I was on a white water rapids ride at Seaworld in Texas and I was holding my nose shut with my fingers the whole ride. I was soaked afterwards but no water up my nose that I noticed but my hair was soaked. I have an awful habit of “inducing” a sneeze when I feel one coming by putting a small strand of hair up my nose and thereby forcing myself to sneeze. Like an absolute idiot I felt a sneeze coming after I got off and I induced it using an inch/inch and a half strand of my nasty water soaked hair and now I’m terrified I’m going to die from brain eating amoeba. It’s super hot out and I’ve heard Texas is one of the most common states for this disease to occur. I have no clue how well the water on the ride was treated, if at all, but it didn’t look the cleanest. I’m scared out of my mind and I’m convinced I’ve sealed my fate. Does anyone know if Seaworld chlorinates the water on the rides? Please help!"
175993479,_PERSON_ West - Stronger
175993480,Had a tuna sandwich and an orange for lunch.
175993481,Great! good way to start the morning off!
175993482,"Wow, that was super fast! _PERSON_ has been a miracle for psychosis so far. I had it for 8 months almost without stop, and now, it i like, gone. for now."
175993483,My favourite drug is sugar...
175993484,I'm having some anxiety today. Forgot to take my lithium and klonopin until 1pm so maybe that's why
175993485,"Yes we are already celebrating my new job, it’s been a good week! Well except I could not pee for the drug test lol. It took like an hour lol"
175993486,"Remember to fight for your friends. Focus on that. You can’t talk to them if your in there. I was just hospitalized twice last month. Left my kid and everything , so it’s a real struggle every minute fir myself also. I get it —- it’s pure hell for me also"
175993487,"I remember being a cynic and my coworker said ""Why don't you smile?"" and told me to smile so I did but really couldn't. Then he kept bothering me about it like every other day. Good thing that I did shroom. (I don't recommend at all)."
175993488,"The higher you get in school the less cookie cutter it gets, they’ll expect papers etc but everyone’s will be unique. It’s like you’ve got to prove yourself first though."
175993489,That's totally weird. I thought your state would cover that stuff as compared to my state of ohio.
175993490,Congrats Newtus!
175993491,Yeah too high is bad and I don’t like it. This is just like... wide eyed lip syncing to music and smiling a lot. Nothing is fast enough for me and I want to do everything.
175993493,I want stimulants
175993494,I redownloaded final fantasy xiv online last night.
175993495,Coronavirus Anxiety Has Led to a Zoloft Shortage Do you have enough Zoloft?
175993496,I do instacart all the time now....
175993497,Lavender chamomile tea
175993498,Thanks for the new roll call _PERSON_! For some reason people are more on edge today. My friend is.
174393233,Cool....keep us updated....
175993499,I thought animals were just carriers of the virus and can't actually get sick unless the virus mutated.. poor kit kats... Update: I talked to my sister and now feel much better. I just needed to talk to someone about my bizarre and odd thoughts.
174393220,"Yeah too much dopamine. I'm full of everything - Food, sex, desire, moving.. idk I'm just in a different state right now but one day I'll be better."
175993500,"Journaling is a great idea and distracting yourself as much as possible with a positive activity, something that brings you joy is recommended. An article I read on this very topic of Negative Emotions had a good checklist for replacing intrusive thoughts with positive emotions ""The first step toward controlling negative emotions is: Identify the negative thoughts. Second: Work on correcting the negative thoughts. If, for instance, you were thinking, ‘I never do anything right,’ substitute this with, ‘I’m just like everyone else; I do many things right, but I make my share of mistakes too.’ Do not expect to feel better immediately after making this correction (although you may), and do not get stuck mentally debating the matter. Just make the affirmation and move on to the next step. The third step is to work at dismissing the troublesome thought from your mind. Try to push it out as forcefully and confidently as you would the thought of committing a serious crime. While you may be able 
to do this with strong mental effort, of immense help in doing so is the fourth step: Get absorbed in something else, something upbuilding."" I like what it goes on to say later about how if there was music playing (they used the illustration of a phonograph but of course those don't exist anymore) and a song came on that we don't like, we wouldn't expect the phonograph/record player/CD player/music app, lol, to do better. We would simply skip or change the song. That is the same thing we can do in our heads when a negative thought enters, banish it as quickly as possible and replace it with something positive. It doesn't have to be earth-shattering. Just looking at the butterflies in my garden makes me smile as an example. Trying a new recipe, playing a new game, dancing to your favorite music or singing, playing an instrument, exercise, reading, anything that you feel can distract you and at the same time lift your spirits, go for it. I hope some of this info helped."
175993501,Posted Chapter 1
175993502,Very Busy sore and exhausted ?. Keep ?. HT
175993503,You are special to all of us here. Super smart and kind/willing to talk to others.
175993504,Also I am realizing that there is a lot of meaning to life out there. That's true.
175993505,"Apparently I got scheduled for physical therapy starting Monday. I'm not keen to go. It looks like I didn't gain back a ton of weight, so that's good. But I don't feel too great. I am depressed and thirsty. Going.to get water."
175993506,They're really pretty SP
175993507,The injection?
175993508,Hell I would go to Harvard if it was almost free. I know Harvard does some small outside programs for little certificates but never heard of anything like that.
175993509,I basically just want to achieve something in the next year. I want to do something. I don't quite know what. Whether or not that thing is writing a novel or making some music or what. I just want to do something.
175993510,"He's a Poet And yes, they tend to die young."
175993511,Morning Where is everyone???
175993512,"Oh man, ok. So that was when I typed in “mental illness” into the search box. 33 games came up. I turned around just now and typed in “mental health” and 90 games came up. Cool."
175993513,Nope reminds me of my deviant psychology class but we focused on adult criminals.....
175993514,Oatmeal...
175993515,Just woke up ....y’all don’t wanna know
175993516,"I think it's great for people to try to help others during this coronavirus pandemic. Right now I'm volunteering at a food pantry and an agricultural farm, both of which allows the needy in my area to get food while we all try to cope with this virus."
175993517,"For me it’s both. _PERSON_ if I miss meds and quit doing my changes in my life, I spiral back quick."
175993518,"I'm a sack of garbage that's why. Sorry, no I'm just in a terrible mood. I think I'll probably just ask to see if my student can begin next week instead of today."
175993519,I might get some pumpkin muffins
175993520,Took a pic of the baby birds next to my upstairs neighbors door.
175993521,"Yeah I know that but my mom posted this on social media and called her tenant out that let it happen. I see social shaming as completely useless. I see reporting posts as useless. People waste their time and energy on things that will always and forever happen. My brother and sister were posting on the page with my mom, making egocentric comments and one upping themselves - With people saying ""Crack heads probably broke in to get their crack"". For me, shroom hippie, I don't bother. Sure - Tripping helped me be more normal and interactive with people - But I'm not community or world orientated. There's social alienation with me which is like schizotypal - Just very aloof. Idk.. That woman that my mom shamed is probably going to relapse because she was shamed and her kids will end up as addicts - Not that that can be solved. I walked into the gas station at one of those isolated town and the cashier disturbed me because she was extremely overly social.. I thought to myself, ""Why?"" - And when I wa
lked into a store, a woman told me to smile and made fun of me. Idk why people were telling me to smile in that town. I wasn't apart of a community. People talk **** about each other in small towns and judge each other because they have nothing better to do. I know all of this is nonsense. People become shocked - Little do they know that their children are snorting oxy in their gf/bf's house. One woman told the bar tender that my sister (17) was underage even though she wasn't drinking - Just cuz she's jealous of my mom. But enough of this stuff.. I find it very more weird and bizarre than the little bit of it that I find entertaining.. It's scary.. It's like everyone is on autopilot. They need 2-3 hits of Orange Sunshine."
175993522,For what?
174393245,"Yeah they started me on seroquel the most drowsy of the meds...also not particularly strong. If you want weight neutral try latuda next, if it works it works well. I believe you’ve got to eat with it though, same with geodon. Oddly the truly weight neutral ones require you to eat for absorption. But if you’re ok on rexulti then just stay on it, usually you hit a set point and you won’t go higher, it just may be higher weight than you like. If you want to fight th gain, exercise and a veg diet worked well for me until I got tired of doing it."
175993523,"I took 25mg of CBD (To relax my muscles), 0.25mg alprazolam (Daily taper dose for 1-2 weeks), 2.5mg of olanzepine (Half of a pill to focus due to impatience) and drinking chamomile tea. I plan to gravitate towards geometry for unknown reason.. It's just what I'm interested in right now.. I can't explain why or else I've have to write pages about my psychedelic trip and quasi-psychosis like I do every day."
175993524,"Ah, so it is a video game. I'd like to play the first and third Super _NAME_ Brothers on the original Nintendo again. I have it somewhere; I'm just missing the plug in and chord to the TV"
175993525,Just made a grilled cheese. Yum.
175993526,"Hey! Hey! Hey! Kidding. In reality I'm more like, ""Hate! Scorn! Drink! lol"
175993527,Glad things are improving for you SP
175993528,"Yes, I took my night meds around 8:30 PM and my morning meds around 5 AM."
175993529,"Took phenibut. Feel better. Starting tomorrow will be 1 week of 30mg Vyvanse every morning - So I may suffer!! I cleaned the kitchen floor, filled up the cat food and water, vacuumed the hallway, cleaned the entrance area to the house and shovelled the snow. So when my mom comes home she'll be happy ^-; Found the car key that my mom and sister was looking for while cleaning. My mom made apple pie and piscata? Idk.. She made butter tarts too and will cook a turkey.. Many presents under the tree.. I thought there would be none."
175993530,It's been long sleeves weather lately and I love it!! Can't wait till it's hoodie season
175993531,Crap. ********* at2:37. Ugh. This is why I don’t dri k
175993532,"Well, it is me, my roommate who has helped support the house for three years and my fiancée. A friend of the family lost her house and is rooming on a couch with her son right now. She is temporary, but hasn't offered to help financially and I know that won't last long. For a while everyone(besides my fiancée's father) was working but through a series of unfortunate events, i am now the only one working currently. My roommate is trying to find another job though and my fiancée can't until we get another car. I was not able to get food stamps before, but I think I can now. That is going to be the next thing I will be taking care of. Hard to keep track of everything right now. 12"
175993533,When it rains flowers got water. Flowes are thirsty. Poor flowers.
175993534,"Yes, I got that notification. But I don't know what tagging is/means."
175993535,"Great, I've got myself worked up into a panic attack again already. It's just frustrating having to do my shopping in several separate trips on the bus and also some of it walking to another store and bringing stuff back. Stuff like this overwhelms me, basic living stuff. It's the beginning of the month so I've got to plan out all the trips I'll be taking just to get what I need. 1 for groceries, 1 for paper towels, 1 for toilet paper (the big packs are hard to fit in my own cart so it's hard to bring more than that to the bus) then another trip for other necessities. I just feel frazzled by it all. I guess I'm not good with basic living skills. I get it done, but it's just really hard."
175993536,DVD of the Simpsons Movie
175993537,The pokemon expansion passed released today but I don’t feel like playing at the moment.
175993538,"Thanks _PERSON_! I'm just turning in some paperwork and medical documentation from my therapist and psychiatrist so it should be a quick appointment. Here's a pic of one of my cats, Kitten Attached Images IMG_2795.jpg (247.1 KB, 12 views)"
175993539,"I just hope their idea of how to help me, resonates with my own. I basically need support to find a way out of dealing with the general public, rather than being medicated so I can be a 'yes sir' , 'no sir' , un-creative, stultified member of society."
175993540,"Yo to everyone. I am doing okay today. Just didn't go to school, but that's fine. I have some more direction now and realized some things about myself that I didn't know before."
175993541,"My goodness, I didn't take supplements yet!"
175993542,I'm definitely feeling more depressed now. I feel darkness behind my eyes and I'm definitely struggling. It feels like trying to breathe underwater. I go from feeling okay to feeling not okay pretty quick at times. I am wondering if I need to go to the hospital. I'm trying to decide. I don't want to go though.
175993543,"Hi LR85 - You didn’t ruin anything. No one can force another person to have feelings for us no matter how good the relationship feels on your side. This person is sending you a strong message that they are keeping you at arms length but you are not listening. Likely the attention you are giving this person is needed at times but they have already told you they are not ready for another relationship for whatever reason. You don’t deserve to be in a one-sided romance, look at how this person is already making you feel and you are really just in the pre-dating phase. I know it will hurt now to sever ties with this person but listen to your therapist and give both of you some space. You didn’t hurt her, she is just friend zoning you and you are not taking the hint. I’m not sure given your level of attachment to this person that it is a good idea to even remain friends. Your feelings will never be returned. And that’s ok, spend that time finding the person right for you, someone who will love 
you as much as you love them."
175993544,"While i am writing this my brain is telling me leave it its scary, in 2015 a lawyer filed a complaint against me of threats in police, offcourse totally lies, I was arrested and sent to prison for 21 days till my bail accepted by court , its a usual thing here in Pakistan , I was mentally break down i knew i was not guilty but on one hand it was me and other hand Bar association . Now I always feel like someone will send me to prison again , I cant trust on anyone , miserable relationship, anxiety, panic attacks, irregular heartbeat, everything is going bad to worse . I am trying but its really very difficult for me to be normal. ?"
175993545,"""Self-Compassion"" by _NAME_"
175993546,"Hi, I was told to try Zoloft ... do you know much about this one? I took Ativan for a medical procedure and it really messed me up after only 3 weeks."
175993548,Happy New Year!
175993549,I have been squeamish all my life about bodily organs and blood. That's why I would never try to feel my pulse or have any sort of physical accident. I avoid thinking about my body at all. If I start thinking too much I try to lie down.
175993550,I started a meetup then I promptly cancelled it. Sometimes I do the stupidest stuff.
175993551,I took the Rx & one vitamin supplement.
175993552,Anyone have a recommendation for a good quality wireless mouse preferably one that's good with gaming on laptops ?
175993553,why's that?
175993554,"Hi there, what happened to cause this diagnosis? Of course, you are having a hard time dealing with it. It may be that you just need the coping skills and education of why whatever is happening to you, then you can stop. Education of why we do things can heal faster than diagnosis sometimes. I am proud of you for reaching out. You are an amazing human!"
175993555,"Hello, I am new here and have never been on any kind of forum, so this is a little bit scary. I am currently taking Cymbalta and Wellbutrin to help with my anxiety and depression, as well as Klonopin for when I have panic attacks. However, I am running out of medication (I only have enough for 9 more days), and I do not have a way of getting a refill or a new prescript ion. Last fall I moved away from home for college, which means that I had to transfer my Medicaid information to a new county. However, I ran into many problems while trying to do so and I was never able to get healthcare in the new city where I go to school. Thankfully, at the time a psychiatrist I was seeing back home gave me enough medication to last for 3 months to give me time to transfer my Medicaid before my case was closed. Those 3 months came and went and although I tried reaching out, I wasn't able to access mental health services. And I ran out of medication. I remember how awful the withdrawal symptoms were and I am reall
y afraid of falling back into that dark place. I got very depressed to the point where I could no longer get out of bed. I was really nauseous, weak, barely eating and would get these weird shock-like sensations through my whole body very often. I was also very suicidal and very depressed, and I was finally convinced by my very worried mother to go to a crisis center on campus to seek help because I felt like I could not go on. I told the psychiatrist there about my entire situation and my history with mental illness. They gave me a refill on my medication but I never got a follow up appointment and have not seen a doctor since. Now, I am back home for the summer, but because my case was cancelled when I moved away and since I do not permanently live here anymore I couldn't get mental health services at the place where I used to for so many years. I was told that if my case were to be re opened, it would be 2-3 months before I would be able to see a doctor and by then it will be too late. I am afraid of going 
through withdrawal symptoms again and I am so tired of taking medication. I have been taking medication for my anxiety and depression since I was 12 years old and I am really afraid of having to deal with this for the rest of my life. I do not want to have to take medication forever. I have been wanting to get off it, but if that were to happen I'd have to gradually wean off the medication with lower doses and such. I have tried visiting and calling different health centers nearby but I am always told that they cannot offer me services, there is no doctor who can give such high doses on such controlled drugs, or they just give me a phone number to call which will usually end up with them giving me another phone number to call because they cannot help me. I feel very stuck and anxious and I do not know what to do anymore. I was wondering if anyone has any suggestions on how to deal with withdrawal symptoms from these medications? Or how to handle being constantly pushed around by the health care system but nev
er having access to the help I need?"
175993556,I just want to do things. I think I have akathisia or something.
175993557,Spring is tomorrow!
175993558,Booked*...
175993559,"I hope that, for me, life doesn't seem to go by even faster than it currently is for me say, twenty years from now. Time is already going by too fast for me."
175993560,"Something really weird happened tonight. My engagement ring wasn’t on my finger when I got out of the shower and I thought it had went down the drain. _PERSON_ and I were looking for it. Then i found it by the bed. So weird. I think maybe I’m losing some inches on my body even tho the scale isn’t going down, which can happen. So maybe my ring fell off. I didn’t take it off. And I didn’t notice it come off either."
175993561,"I hate my life but after bad experience at psych ward, I am traumatized and afraid of hospitals. I didn’t want to kill myself that day, but after I lied to the hospital jail people and tricked them I was able to outsmart and escape the same the day. I’m afraid if I ever do want to kill myself, I’ll be able to trick the doctors again and actually follow through, or just off myself before ever getting caught by the hospital jail. All hospitals have permanently lost my trust forever, and even if I’m coughing up blood I’ll run into the woods before the hospital kidnappers try to torture, humiliate, and traumatize me. Does anyone know I place I can go to get that won’t kidnap and lock me away and hurt me again? I can’t sleep without multiple drugs because I am so afraid of the hospital jail and the scary people again. After hearing and seeing how psych patients are humiliated, tortured, tied up, and locked by themselves for days on end like criminals just because they feel sad or sick, I
ve lost faith in humanity. I hate all ambulance drivers, doctors, and police officers, and have to pull over and cry due to uncontrollable panic and rage. Now my friends don’t want to hang out with me anymore, and my mom keeps telling me it’s all my fault. I’ve nearly lost all hope for getting better, and I am begging for someone to tell me a place I can go to to that will help me."
175993562,"[/quote] I mean, _PERSON_ didn't just kill animals and _PERSON_ didn't just kill humans. but I think it's more that _PERSON_ is actually charming, attractive, heterosexual, and killed all his kittens in the private of his own home. Anyway, it's personally interesting because _PERSON_ was a poster here. Trying to drum up interest in his murder film a few days before he posted it online. The Antisocial forum exploded with visitors for a week while the man hunt commenced."
175993563,"So, this really has little to do with my mental health, but I had a first time experience today that I wanted to share. I had a cop show up at my door. Scared me to half to death. He asked my name and then brought out a piece of paper and said, ""I have a..."" Then he stopped while he unfolded the paper. In my head, I am thinking..""OMG, am I being arrested? What did I do?"" Then the cop continued, ""a subpoena for you."" I let off a huge sigh of relief and said, ""oh darn it, I was hoping to avoid that."" I had an employee steal $160,000 last year. I am the one who figured out who was taking the money, and helped in the sting operation. I was hoping she would plea out and I would not have to testify. But, she has opted for a bench trial... boo!!!"
175993564,"Oh, and my psychologist convinced me I should try to shower twice a week. And look for alternates to self harming. It's been creeping up because of my mood. Hopefully it goes away with a balanced mood."
175993565,Yes I did!
175993566,And I only cleaned 2 coil bowls because my hands smelled funny after I touched the coils and I thought it was gas.
175993567,Omg are you ok
175993568,Congrats SP!
175993569,"Hi I found this post really interesting and identified with a lot of what people have said. I was diagnosed with Autism and do have a 'social mask' which is what people see when I have to interact. This social mask has changed over the years so if I got bored with pretending to have one personality. I'd move and start again with a new one for the next place. I've always had a rich fantasy life but when younger I had limited time to indulge due to work/study commitments and living with others so other people were around so I couldn't get lost in the fantasy. (I like to pace around and act the fantasy out a bit, talking to whoever I'm talking to in the fantasy). Due to health problems later in life I had to give up work and spent alot of time alone,spending 4-6 hours a day fantasising,but able to 'come out' to get things done when needed. I also had a dog that kept me 'grounded me in reality' and made sure I got out everyday. The agoraphobia is worse due to years of isolation and although I can manag
e getting the dog out when no-one else is about. I struggle if I have to go into town or a supermarket/shopping centre or social event like a family party/wedding etc so for me it's more about how much noise there is and how many people rather than just 'going outside'. (as I'll happily walk the dog miles at 5-6 am when we have the field/woods/parks to ourselves). I have several persona's and sometimes use different one's in different situations.I'm not sure if I have full DID (Dissociative Identity Disorder) or if its just a very advanced form of 'autistic masking'. Either way I dissociate a lot from anything and everything I either don't like or don't want to deal with. Sometimes I will fantasize about dealing with a situation, decide what's needed and create a persona/alter-ego who then deals with the situation in real life. Unlike DID though my persona's/alter don't have their own likes/dislikes/lives. They have all being created by me sometimes from memories of myself at an age I liked, sometimes after g
etting obsessed with a certain person or a disability they had (I'd start by pretending to be them only in fantasy then become them in real life). I had no attachment to the alters or anyone I made friends with in real life when I was that 'alter' and frequently just moved if I felt people were getting too close to discovering 'my secret' and started again as someone else in another place. I don't know if this is typical of SPD? I haven't found anyone else with Autism who has ever done these things to the same degree to assume I must also have some other kind of personality disorder or mental health condition on top of the autism I had as a child? I'd sign my name but I'm not entirely sure which alter has written all this!"
175993570,Had a good day. Hung out with gram and my niece. Then went shopping with my daughter. Got me my very first and hopefully very last stick-on bra. It is the most uncomfortable ridiculous thing ever. Also got most of my amazon order and my ModCloth order in the mail today! Woohoo. I’m so happy my hoodie came in so I can wear it tomorrow night if it gets chilly. And my wedding shoes. Now I have no excuse to put off hemming that stupid dress. I’m still confused abt why it’s so long. I’m 5’ 6 so not really short and even with 3 inch heels the damn thing is dragging. Weird. Waiting around for the guys to get home so we can order dinner.
175993571,Some of them I found at half price books so they aren't really well known games. I haven't really played any of them at all.
175993572,What’s wrong with your car? If it’s the tags check our stuff has been extended till October due to covid.
175993573,"Was gonna take a nap, but as soon as I was gonna fall asleep the neighbors were banging on their wall for some reason. So I got up and took the dogs to the dog park. Still tired a bit, but it's ok."
175993574,"Yes, and the hair washing too!"
175993575,I slept all day and feel depressed cuz the Invega injection
174393309,I think it’s normal....I used to be obsessed with lowering my dose and getting off meds until my pdoc basically decided no more changes now I just take the pills without much thought....
175993576,People are lighting off fireworks right now like right where I live. Makes me want to cry honestly. I am not sure why. Just too much emotion for too long...
175993577,"Any help would be great. I'm ~40 with depression. It's been rough the last few days. I believe it has gotten worse as my wife (~40) has been going through some strong mood swings and paranoia. I don't know if it's the new diet medicine (P?) or menopause, etc. She doesn't trust me, but everyone else around us, she does..... Makes it sooo tough, and I've cried soooo much. She'll be fine one moment, and the next moment her face changes expressions, color, and she's either mad, sad, etc. She'll tell me to turn off my phone, so no one is listening, and asks me if I'm plotting with the kids against her. One moment she flips-me-off, the next she's asking me to go buy soda..... She wants to leave the door open to our bedroom, and sometimes doesn't want to sleep in same bedroom.... I don't know what's going on, but could use any help.... It started I think, because one late night I asked about a 3-some with a man..... We're supposed to be both getting in for counseling soon, I hope it helps....."
175993578,"What, newtus? _NAME_ stayed by me all night. We are on a Downton _NAME_ marathon!! Attached Images 20200818_063852_HDR.jpg (191.9 KB, 8 views)"
175993579,"Probably we should have a thread to post our arts, maybe that will motivate others to do things that make them happy. I think we had one but couldn’t find it. A fresh new start would be nice too."
175993580,thanks desoxyn <3
175993581,Hope you're doing okay _AT_MENTION_ haven't seen you around in a bit
175993582,"Brain damage, certainly not. And it is very common for bi polar, not necessarily as a misdiagnosis but into a progression into the dx. It is a hard dx, not certainly in a few sessions. Tip, an anti-dep that works well with a mood stabiliser, and regular sessions with shrink and keeping ya general dr updated. Tell your shrink everything. It really does help, and the response will give you a better understanding of certain things going on. HT."
175993583,"I slept a lot last night, 14+ hours. Woke up to a tornado warning, that has passed but we're supposed to get bad weather throughout the day."
175993584,I am feeling really isolated now.
175993585,I’m about to lose 5 lbs in a minute due to laxatives and such.
175993586,"Hi Welcome to the anxiety forum. I have not heard of loratidine so cant comment on that one but I have taken Lexapro and found it to be effective at reducing anxiety, it’s the strongest of the SSRIs and I found it very activating so for me it was best to take first thing in the morning. _PERSON_"
175993587,"Washing frequently does make it oilier. I only wash mine once a week now, and I use _PERSON_, or t-gel. I used to wash much less frequently so once a week is great for me. You have to use _PERSON_ according to instructions though. Take a large amount to massage into the scalp and hair, depending how long it is (I use a handful, wash the scalp and hair, rinse rinse rinse, then take a very small amount to use as a leave-in on my ends). It is amazing. I need to get my hair cut though because it's too thin. Sorry your Mom has been dwelling on it."
174393326,Finished a book and vacuumed. Enjoying the day. I wrote down a bunch of my goals. My appetite has gone back to normal. It seems whenever the abilify is increased I get extremely hungry for a week or so then it levels out. Have the _PERSON_ log playing
175993588,What's wrong _AT_MENTION_? Is your work stressing you out?
175993589,I am religious. This is a good idea. Thanks!
175993590,"That’s sad ? people don’t think about what they’re saying half the time, and how it could hurt someone...."
175993591,Yes. I talked to my doc. She said if this next month is not better she will put me back on haldol. But I might call early to get in. Idk. That would be another 20 dollars down the drain that I cant put towards moving. Finances are severely stressful for me too right now.
175993592,"Getting some frozen cheeseburgers from Family Dollar tomorrow. They're like 2 dollars each and they're microwavable, they're actually really good. You just put them in the microwave for like 80 seconds. I'll have to get some ketchup too since I'm out. I'll probably take a couple walks too. Anyway, I just had a piece of pumpkin pie, was weird eating it a little warm but it was still good, will be even better tomorrow when it's chilled in the fridge."
175993593,"I'm anxious about paying rent, I don't like cutting it so close. I'm worried the bank won't let me get a money order because my ID is expired. Lots of anxiety."
175993594,"I got prescribed Synthroid for my thyroid and I can tell a real difference, my TSH is much better now."
175993595,I’m glad your appointment went well _PERSON_
175993596,"Hello, I deal with a similar situation. I am in Menopause now. I've dealt with anxiety and depression my entire life. The past 4 years have been an extreme eye-opener and it's very stressful dealing with it. I'm angry, sad a lot. My husband reacts to the anger in a negative way, as if I'm personally attacking him... We have tried to deal with it, but it always led to a shouting match! So finally, he realized that I do suffer from anxiety/depression after he read articles on anxiety/depression. It's hard for people to understand mental health issues within a person, for it is hidden well at times. My suggestion is find articles that relate to your situation and ask your husband to read those and it might help him release it's real what your going through and then might be able to be emotionally available and supportive to you during the difficult times."
175993597,"I'm awake now. Had shower and stuff. Might have a coffee and watch motivating _NAME_ talks, learn about investing and then maybe do the physics course. I'm at a point in my life where I have no idea what I'm doing. I can spend an hour here and an hour there but I get mental fatigue. I need to push myself especially to exercise."
175993598,I took my blood pressure meds at 7 am this morning
175993599,"Morning Coming back to PsychCentral has really helped me better understand my illness and the effects of my meds. I'm so glad I've reconnected here! Today is laundry day which I take to my folk's place and we have a nice long visit--my sister comes over too. Most of my social life these days revolves around family but that's okay. I talked with my T about joining a MeetUp social group and she said to wait until I start the volunteering as it all might be too much too soon. She's probably right. It looks like it's going to be a gorgeous day out--Sunny and cool. Maybe I'll get out for a walk today. Hang in there today people! hugs, _PERSON_"
175993600,"Morning. I slept not long after my last post. Woke up at 6 am, had an 8 hours sleep"
175993601,"Dear _AT_MENTION_, I just read your last post here. I'm very sorry life is so hard right now, for you & other people. And even though I'm older than you, I can relate to you a lot. My fingers are crossed for you. Hugs & love to you!"
175993602,Lesser of 2 evils
175993603,Awesome! enjoy it!
175993604,"Just sent my short story to the editor. He said he would read it tomorrow. It's 36 pages long. That's a nice length to go to a café, get a coffee and a bagel, and sit down and read the entire thing in one sitting. If I have a style of writing, with a topic that is mine, this would be it. All those years reading philosophy and mythology and tragedy finally might pay off. I hope my editor likes it because I sure do. No worries, no long quotes or long histories, but there is a little to chew on and some to wonder about, the ending brought some tears to my yes as it dawned on me what it all meant at the end. <3 All my editor has to do is fix one formatting issue and _USER_ID_ it."
175993605,No. I can’t because the med roll doesn’t start til April 23.
175993606,Sounds like u cld. be sick--feel better.
175993607,I wonder if my Pdoc can give me an AP PRN for when the hallucinations are bad. I wonder if you can take a second AP with Rexulti.
175993608,"Desoxyn, do you ever think that your adding extra Vyvanse and things like that affects your mental state? I just wonder if you can simplify things. Like only take meds exactly as directed. Pardon me if I'm wrong about this, but are you taking your meds exactly as prescribed by your pdoc? I don't mean to sound blunt, but maybe it could help you to think about it in this way. Just not to deviate from what your pdoc says or prescribes. I know there's margin for telling your pdoc what you think you should be on, but as for taking meds you're not prescribed, that's a different story. I don't know. I'll tell a personal anecdote. Once I was messing with all of my meds, increasing dosages on my own and stuff. I increased my Remeron, my Effexor on my own. And I ended up kicking a door down in my family's house. I am not saying you're going to go to something like that if you continue experimenting with meds, but isn't there a certain point at which you would just like to simplify things and just listen to y
our pdoc only? I really do hope you find some combination or another that works for you. It just concerns me that you are adding extra Vyvanse and things like that. It doesn't sound too good, to tell you the truth. I am not trying to detract from the pain you're feeling in this state of mind, far from it. I know you're suffering. You are a valued member of the community and I just don't like watching you not do well on meds and stuff. Anyway, be well."
175993609,I got an email that was like ‘I need these quotes by lunch’ and it’s uggggghhh. I’ve been a bad employee lately.
175993610,Iced coffee
175993611,Having so much fun with Stardew Valley.
175993612,It’s not specifically the brand I mean. Purple doesn’t use foam or springs or any of that typical stuff for bedding.
175993613,^ My sadness went away after a bowl of papayas. Will watch the last episode of The Mandalorian season 2 today.
175993614,Imo you probably do need Hospital. We don’t want to lose you. Consider it seriously. I’m sorry you lost someone.
175993615,Very cool!
175993616,Cute!....
175993617,I can’t sleep either.
175993618,Can't sleep
175993619,"I feel like I'm coming down with something and I hope it's not stomach flu. I feel crappy and I'm very very cold. It was cold outside today, snowing, and even inside I'm having terrible chills. My friend was here earlier but he said there was a sign on the door that said not in use, so he went back home. I'm so afraid. Whenever he's confused I get so scared. Maybe it's just whatever I'm sick from. The repeated lockdowns every few weeks have left me very deconditioned, and I have to try to build myself up again, but not while I'm sick. Maybe I should stop vaping. I don't know. I've told him what to do over and over again but I keep having to tell him every day. I feel like the world is going to take him away and I couldn't bear that."
175993620,I meant do they have any advice? You stay with them right?
175993621,Take a tums and find out.....
175993622,Omg no way that awful I’m sorry. You couldn’t hurt a fly I know that.
175993623,Send me your name and I will add u
175993624,"I think loneliness has been a significant factor in my emotional life, but it's not the kind of loneliness that is alleviated by being with other people. I'm not sure I value the relationships I do have as strongly as I should. But I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to feel in general. I get unhappy in those situations as well, but I wouldn't say that I'm afraid of losing the relationship as such. It's more that I'm afraid of losing my attachment to the relationship – ending up feeling like I've wasted some part of my life on something that is false or mistaken. The idea of second-order relationships fills me with a kind of dread."
175993625,Do you feel better than last night?
175993626,"Thanks _PERSON_, I’m not sure if she remembered to take them actually? I should remind her."
175993627,I’m so sorry 12am praying for him and you
175993628,No And I’m playing beat saber on vr I’ve pretty much modded my headset both on the outside and technically (software). I bought a red padded head piece. It’s just a triangle with Velcro to attach. Makes a load of difference. And I bought hand straps for the controllers and installed those.
175993629,"I got some mandarin orange seltzer water, that will be good"
175993630,Awesome bluebird ? something to look forward to.
175993631,"for some reason the kids are still awake while most of us ""adults"" are asleep."
175993632,Nope not today but I did yesterday
175993633,I can’t remember if you’re on abilify but I get problems with heat and abilify. I usually wear a hat and bring water.
175993634,"She's beautiful, Blue_Bird! Can't wait for you to get her!"
175993635,Chili cheese fries mmmm
175993636,"I took my morning meds at 3 am. I will have more to take later. I mess up lots of things in life, but I always take my meds."
174393391,"I was feeling tired today and slept during my break. Now, I feel fine. The medication is making me sleepy. Oh well."
175993637,"Never got my tax refund. I’m apart of a Reddit, Twitter, and fb group about it. Thousands of people within those groups alone and today marks day 21 for them (when you’re eventually supposed to call the irs if u haven’t gotten refund yet). Me too. Everyone’s calling irs but everyone is being told something different."
175993638,"After I lost my family and was in coma for 3 months... I missed there funeral. I was told by the doctors that my mum would have lived if she didn't shield me and I would have died. U can imagine what it did to my mental health as a teenage.. Going back to school and being reminded by my friends that I was the cos of their death that my life was not worth it. Staying with my relations and being reminded that am the reason my family is gone..waking up to nothing only to find out that everything my parents worked for now belong to my uncle, waking to know that he has on several occasions tried to remove me from life support. Being throw out to the street abused, rejected, paying my tuition fees, feeding myself, working and doing all sort of thing just to live. Always being reminded that their life was worth more than mine. And u think I've not considered suicide? Hell yes..I have. Overdosed on pills, cut myself, try drowning, taking poison. Got hit my a car. All this I've done but still don't know why 
I but after doing those stuff I still survived, more like death is after of me. It's not. I'm not just lucky I'm favoured. Still have a lot of things to do and very little to live for but I tried to find a reason to live, which is my mum. I just turned 18 and I had the greatest urge to end it but when ever I tried to commit suicide I always remind myself that this life I'm trying so hard to take ain't mine, most people would have lost theirs in the accident or on my many attempt to suicide but I was given another Chance to live. When it gets tough I remind myself that I am a miracle. So trust me the best way to win is to always remind yourself of the reason why you've always lived and why you fought so hard to live when u were unconscious and be grateful that u lived again"
175993639,"Nope, not today. I had to be at work early. I will tomorrow though."
175993640,"Hello! I too think I'm too aware of things, and of my thoughts. Also get sad thoughts, a lot of them. And a lot of sad images in my head. My psychologist told me to ignore them, act like they are not there. Of course I can't do it all the time, but I do it when I can and it helps me. I think if I did some exercise it would help me, I have to anyways because of my back, but i just can't bring myself to do it. Maybe tomorrow... Do your arms/hands feel like ""they"" want to do things you don't? Do they hurt?"
175993641,I am listening to an audiobook version of The Entrepreneur Equation by _NAME_.
175993642,"Hi everyone, I think I found the right medication for me. I don't feel very different, maybe just more present. It's good news for me because I was seriously struggling with my thoughts. I was extremely hard on myself. I would cry all the time. I still do but it's been a few weeks and this medication doesn't have horrific side effects. I feel kinda better. Im keeping a mood chart and writing in my journal. For awhile it was this feed that helped me through the days. Thank you."
175993643,"I'm the same was about dogs. I had two, and the last one died about 8 months ago, and I haven't gotten another one because I don't have the energy level that I did years ago when I had dogs. Would feel like I needed to give him exercise and everything and don't know that I would be able to do that. Also, with no dogs now, I realize how much effort I was putting out to help them. I'm finding how much easier it is without a dog."
175993644,"The flavors I ordered were caramel apple, thug juice, and cinnamon roll. All 12mg nicotine. Oh I can't wait!"
175993645,I broke out the ol amazon fire kindle. I’ll see if there’s any free books to read on there.
174393397,Not really no.....
175993646,Could all of this possibly be mania or psychosis episode? JW! Take care of yourself bb.
174393410,New study demonstrates omega-3 fatty acid supplementation increases BDNF in schizophrenia patients Found this article that suggests omega 3s increase bdnf which is like brain fertilizer....
175993647,"That's great! I'm glad you're feeling better I like watching nature documentaries, they're so relaxing"
175993648,"Yes, this. Well said _AT_MENTION_"
174393422,"Hang in there, falcon. The Clozaril is coming..."
175993649,People are just not trustworthy. I’m naive very naive.
175993650,Sombre Reptiles (2004 Digital Remaster) - YouTube
175993651,I didn’t know they made frozen..that’s cool...
175993652,"Bwa haa haa...The Overlook as well eh? I just watched 'The Shining' again...great movie! A good scare for _PERSON_, lol. S.C."
175993653,Feeling secretly monitored is one of the symptons of schizo. I also have that delusion.
175993654,Mystery art supplies ?
175993655,"It's day 10 of my year long Bible study. It's going really well. I'm learning a lot. The priest who does the podcast does a good job of explaining scripture so that it's easier to understand. Also just watched Sunday mass. I downloaded this app called widget pets, so I have a widget on my phone screen now that has a cat, you have to hatch your pet first, and then you can feed it, give it water, treats, etc, and the pet will have like different moods and different stories it comes up with. Like today mine (I named her _NAME_ after my orange cat that I had) and she said she saw a snake while she was walking around in the garden and that it was really scary! Lol it's really cute. One time she was talking about aliens."
175993656,"I'm gonna see about coming off my Trileptal, mainly because I don't want to take the pill. I've been on it for like 5 years but I recently developed a choking phobia and have been afraid of taking meds. The other pills I have are relatively easy to swallow"
175993657,Hi. Welcome to the forum. Chest pain is a symptom of anxiety so do all you can to reduce your anxiety and hopefully you will see this symptom lesson we have some good links in our resources section so take a look. How long have you been taking the medication? It can take between 8-12 weeks to fully kick in so may be worth sticking with it. Keep us posted. _PERSON_
175993658,Probably some kind of cookies within the next few weeks
175993659,"The kindest thing you can do for both of you is try to get her into care for some medication relief. You cannot apply empathy or reason to someone's delusions, it will only add frustration for you both and this will not improve unchecked. Without insurance, the cost of evaluating even the physical head injury will go unaddressed without serious influence. No one wants to absorb the cost. Are they eligible for mental health care as ""unemployable"" in current state and potentially medicaid eligible?"
175993660,"Rock and Roll All Nite - KISS ...but this is a complete lie, because I wanna learn to go to bed at a decent hour, sleep uninterrupted all through the night and get up a decent hour, so I'm more wide awake and alert everyday."
175993661,Mine sound like I'm in a crowded room.
175993662,Sometimes it helps to talk to someone about what you're experiencing.
175993663,Psychiatrists are the best judge of psychotic disorders. They have far more experience dealing with all types of psychosis than therapists do. Go with your MD. He's the expert.
175993664,Sounds like a plan!
175993665,"Hi, I’m sorry to hear about your wife! But I’m glad to know you are reaching out for support. Have you tried looking on the psychology today website to search in your city? You can try “bereavement group” or “grief support group” in the search fields on the site. (I did a quick search on google and saw there are some on the psychology today website. Not sure about your area). If you need more help, let me know and I can see if I can think of anything else that may possibly be helpful"
175993666,Special K Caramel chocolate protein bar
175993667,I took my morning meds except for the iron supplement because I have run out.
174393441,"Drinking a lot of caffeine today, hoping it helps with clozapine sleepiness"
175993668,My great uncle has Parkinson's. His dopamine meds make him hallucinate. He was an electrical engineer. Very smart. Grew his own pot. Probably still smokes. Weed works wonders for many things. Responsible use of drugs is good. Just people have the wrong view about drugs and addiction. I'm gonna read a book about addiction - it's the guy that was speaking in the post I made on FB. Eventually psychedelics will be legal and we'll be like Portugal.. theres no crack houses there I don't think =]
175993669,"In the early months of this year, before everybody started to panic, I decided that this may be a good opportunity for some respite and so replenished the country house's pantry and storehouse and made sure to prepare the land for reintroduction of some livestock, in anticipation of self-isolating. Veggies are having their second harvest and things are looking good. Though, I've had to patch-up some fence-work recently without easy access to lumber and had overlooked that I didn't have a readily available axe and the chainsaw's chain had rusted through and it's motor kept seizing. That said, it's all in okay shape. With respect to an apocolypse scenario, I have some military training and have always enjoyed a shoot and so with my home allowing for moderate-to-good self-sufficiency and protection, having been planned from a security perspective, I think that I'd stand in good stead. If anything, the recent experiment has been a good exercise in establishing that given dire enough circumstances I cou
ld keep in good health. I suppose eventually it would be impractical to not band up. Soon enough you'd be overcome or need to go to people to secure something that you need access to. The role I'd play is a tricky one to imagine. I'm characteristically calm in a crisis and so I'd hope that this may be put to use and act as counter-balance to hysteria and frenzy. I'd prefer to remain detached apart from aiding in reminding people of our common goals and hopefully keeping us on track to make logical steps and decisions towards those goals. -- Tue Apr 07, 2020 6:15 pm -- There is one last scenario that is closer to Escape and Evasion that could probably be done in a more solitary way but I doubt that this is viable long-term."
175993670,"Hi. Any tips for overcoming the anxiety about taking a new medication? I’m always afraid it will make me nauseated and vomit, as I have a sensitive system anyway. I have som other health conditions that require trial and error with the meds, and this is a recurring anxiety that I need to improve on. Thanks for any help!"
175993671,_PERSON_ I did that for 10 years and realized I'm still waiting the same amount of time to get it changed as I was not making an appointment. I always made appointments and I still ended up waiting up to 2 hours at the dealership near where my dad lives. It was a nightmare. So I dont make appts anymore.
175993672,"My editor has my story now. I look back at it and I hope he doesn't morally judge it. The devil I created was a misogynist, and the female philosopher might tolerate him too much, and that might be his criticism. But faust tolerated the devil, and he was an academic too..."
175993673,"One shining example of active participation is the ""Prostate Cancer"" forum on HW. I participated there at one time,mostly because my father had (and ultimately died from) prostate cancer. That forum is very active. A few years ago I was on another anxiety forum. It was very active. Now it is just about completely dead. Some people make posts, but very rarely do they get any responses. Anyway, hopefully this anxiety forum will thrive, because it is super important. Post Edited (medved) : 7/3/2019 2:19:10 PM (GMT-6)"
175993674,"Yeah, I would swim and go to the gym. Relaxing. Neither is happening now. I sit upstairs and work, then I come downstairs and study or watch TV, or crochet. I sometimes leave my house for food or shopping. That's all I do."
175993675,I'm at work and it's the last day of the month so there is invoicing and stuff to do plus we are trying to fix the sales tax return. I think I figured out where the issue is but the controller wants to look at it and I'm so impatient right now.
175993676,"Trimmed my beard, it's basically, it's a bit more than a 5 0 clock shadow. Honestly, I love the texture of it. I have a bit of salt and pepper in it now if you know what I mean, I'm also getting a ew gray ones on the sides of my head. I showered, i think it has been a week almost since I've showered. I did a lot this morning with these things included."
174393457,"Doc told me not to smoke weed because ""it'll worsen [my] schizophrenia""... I stopped three or so weeks ago and if anything my mental state has worsened with more anxiety and mood swings so idk how much I believe him."
175993677,These dreams make me think of my past. I feel worthless. Idk why I couldn't just wake up. Now I feel like I'm falling asleep again. Going back to my old state. I feel really confused and lost. I'm not a hippie anymore. Maybe I need to trip again but I'd risk psychosis. My creativity is dead. I want to CREATE. But I can't. People have done bad things to me. But I suppose I should think about how grateful I am to have what I have. That I'm in a safe environment. But this feeling is annoying. I'm annoyed by myself and my thoughts. I might go for a walk at 8am and listen to a podcast. Then I'll be going hiking. I'm afraid that my moms heart will stop because it's an expert hike. She can't do it. I don't know what is wrong with her. She could die. I'm becoming my past because I'm thinking about it too much.
175993678,_PERSON_ - Space Bound
175993679,Pokemon drawings
175993680,"Well, on the plus side, had enough energy to _USER_ID_ several chapters today, which is wonderful. I really am so grateful for that opportunity. I have been unable to work for weeks due to amotivation and what I term central fatigue and sadness. I just sit in my chair and do nothing all day. That said, I was just feeling really quite sad a few moments ago, even though I accomplished something today. I know I did not really sleep last night, so maybe that is part of it. But still, definitely some depression here. I just wish it would go away. So hard for me. i have been dealing with this since I was 17. I am tired of it. Also forgot to eat today, so that could be an issue. Makng a nice ziti with pesto and some good shaved parm, so that will be cheerful. i really love pesto., all kinds. Maybe I will feel better in a little while or something."
175993681,"Gotta keep reminding myself that suffering has meaning, too. That is something I've thought of lately."
174393446,"That was my original diagnosis 23 years ago, tho one of my dr disagreed with that specific diagnoses-for whatever reason- im not sure why. Its been a rough ride for sure for me. religious delusions/ideations, conspiracy thots/ideas, delusions of graduer, etc, etc. A number of meds tried according to one one of my current doc has been tried on me- piportal, stelazine, consta, but mostly risperidone used with various results. best remedy was denying the existance of spirits and spituality- this has helped many times, tho meds MUST be maintained to continue! I have read up on Many religions and have found faults in many of these- contradictions within. both textual contradictions and practical contradictions in these. best co existing pharma resolve is an antipsycotic along with a sedative- im most Sane when notably sedated! altho some meds wear off of effect after initial use....sadly. One advantage was to TRY to prove against ALL delusions/ ideas. if ur voices tell you one thing then try to disprove 
that- if successful then it helps relieve its power over you."
175993682,The grim reaper is staring at me. I think someone close to me is going to die or myself.
175993683,I snapped u
175993684,"Going to read ""PIHKAL - A Chemical Love Story"" By _NAME_. I bought the book a while ago but haven't gotten to it until now. I can't not. What you expect me to do???"
175993685,I think I should push my book out soon idk but it’s gonna be hard. I need like at least 50 poems. I’d rather do like idk 100. Or around there.
174393443,"I had a 1.5 hour panic attack. I think it's cuz I was procrastinating reading. I went onto discord and they were arguing about God. An _NAME_ meditation confirmed that we are all God (Everything is happening to us) and the opposite (We are the happening). I developed depersonalization (Probably because of the two coffees I had, waking up early to take 15mg Dexedrine spansule). I then took another in the after noon when I'm supposed to take the whole two in the morning. I then took the 5mg tablet so it would last longer and I could be more productive. But I'm getting nothing done - Just procratinating. No one was in the house so I started to freak out about when they'll be back. Possible trigger: The trauma of the old man that sexually harassed me and he then died makes me think he's an interdimensional pedophile and will rape me in the afterlife Possible trigger: I found philosophical speaking about a woman years ago after I googled ""God gay (I'm asexual but bi so idk) schizophrenic pedophile"" af
ter I was sexuality harassed and this woman wrote a post about it - Also posts about time machines, going faster than the speed of light and dooms day devices to put an end and kill god. Possible trigger: The thing is, everyone's God. I may be a little gay but I'm definitely not a pedophile - But this woman is so believable and targets my solipsism. I'm definitely not a pedo but I think that the old man that sexually harassed me is and he'll rape me in the afterlife. I told my mom that it's bad OCD and she said that this would drive anyone crazy and it has for me.. I tried to feed my cat but had to open an new cat food bag so I needed scissors and I had thoughts saying ""You're going to kill someone with the scissors"". My OCD is getting so bad now this past year. It borderlines psychosis and dissociative identity disorder. I see my psychiatrist tomorrow. My ADHD feeling out interests and hobbies made everything worse - Like I'm so uncertain about everything. I know I'm not a pedo but the great wise _USER_ID_ 
said that God is those things. I just wanted to ****ing read and not deal with all of this ********. I was on a chat on discord and they were talking about god and many people think that he's gay. Why? Like a certain awareness of certain defining things makes people closer to god. Mind you I was an atheist before my bad trip (Which happened right after I was severely disturbingly sexually harassed) and then I became a pantheist. So I just need to use my logical mind but I don't care about this because it takes time to solve as if it's a psychosis."
175993686,I want to try making dalgona coffee sometime. I'll need to buy a hand mixer first though.
175993687,"I’m gonna have to start using the treadmill here since I haven’t been out walking with this going on, I need exercise"
175993688,Awesome SP! That's the best feeling! Too bad you probably had to spend half your day there at jury duty before they decided to release you from service!
175993689,"I think at some point you are going to have to come to your senses. Even though you are now married, all is not lost, it could be worse. You could have a child. And, you could be married to her not a year or two, but 10 years, then 20. That would be worse. It hangs in the balance. All the talk to now has been about her, how many chairs she’s thrown at you, how many parties you two left because of her temper. But what about you? Who’s the guy in all of this? Why? As I say, it can get worse, like, you don’t leave and she “forgets” to take her birth control pills. You’ll look back to these days as the “happy years.” Leave her and you leave your kid, take your choice. Plus the kid grows up in that environment. I know about this because I married a person just like her. While we were dating, I had clues, also, like she told me of sex she was having with other guys, but I reasoned, well, we’re not married. Also, I didn’t have the strength to leave, and I didn’t want to be by myself. 
If you have the strength, that would be my suggestion. She’s going to be hard to live with for the next 10 years, but the question is, are you going to be living with her? If you are, you’ll see it close-up and come back here complaining about it. If you’re not, you won’t see it and it won’t matter. There are some situations that can’t be helped. But what you can do is leave the situation. I think she is borderline personality syndrome. It stems from abuse in childhood, mostly sexual. You need to look that up. Again, I know about this because that’s what my wife was. They’re cure rate is not real high. Medicine does not help. The question is, can you help yourself by leaving? Have you ever heard her say she was sexually abused? Has she every hinted at such? I once tried to help a person who was on drugs by asking them to go to a counselor/psychiatrist but she always had excuses for not going. I finally realized, I have to get away from that. I cannot help her. The only person who can help is a 
counselor who sees them in an office for 30 minutes and then says, “I’ll see you next month.” If they get well, fine, but if they don’t, at least the counselor didn’t waste his time. You don't have an office. You can't tell them, ""Your 30 minutes is up. I'll see you next month."" You could waste 10 or 20 years, not 30 minutes. So, the question is not only her behavior, but yours, as in, why are you staying? Do you have the confidence to leave, if you decide that? Do you have things you can go to?"
175993690,"My God I'm actually doooing thingz Wrote things down, went on reddit, finished a podcast, then watched another podcast.. Just simple thingz I'm able to DO"
175993691,I got the new apartment! Got the keys. Just came back to the old place then bringing some stuff to the new place in an hour or so when my care manager picks me up again
175993692,"Hi everyone! How's everybody doing today? I'm okay. Kind of have a lot going on at work so I haven't been around as much. I went for my morning walk, but as usual, got paranoid that someone was going to attack me. Really. I tell myself I'm being silly. Doesn't work though. Got a little triggered earlier about SH but managed to not do anything. Yay for small victories. Got 10 hours of sleep last night. It was spectacular! I had to go to sleep at 5:30 PM in order to get 10 hours of sleep, but it was so totally worth it. I haven't been getting enough sleep lately. So I jumped at that chance. Hope everyone is well. _PERSON_"
175993693,"_PERSON_ first couple of meditations are on my mind. They're not as bad when they're explained to you as opposed to just reading through them. I found it difficult at first because as a stoner kid, I thought about things similar to his ""dream hypothesis."" I think theories in philosophy might do best if taught to young people before they've lived much. I still love the idea behind the pineal gland being the seat of the soul though - and his idea of the mind being an ethereal substance separate from the brain and body. Pretty imagery."
175993694,"One problem at a time, and be positive about that problem. This positive approach is also stressed by the ""Anxiety-Panic Resources"" by the Admin at the top of the lists of posts such as yours, if you can take time to read them."
175993695,I stupidly took my night meds without eating enough and now I’m extremely nauseous
175993696,Why would they do that?
174393477,"I understand how you feel. I feel the same way. I need my time and space to be alone as well as time with others to commiserate. I have online buddies too. I need them for my support and guidance. It is a lonely path to be all alone without communicating one's problems with others. We need advice and support too!!I feel really close to my online buddies. One of them is going to meet me in person eventually. It is a wonderful world now where we can choose to communicate through the internet or meet in person. I don't think it is stupid to have online buddies. I would not worry how others think about them either. If you are happy with your online buddies, this is what matters most. We can't please everybody else. We must be happy with ourselves first. You have insight and are doing fine!! I think online communication is a good thing, as it is for you and me."
175993697,"Might want to get that looked at, newtus. You don't want to get epiglootitis and have your airway shut off. Hugs!!"
175993698,2 cups black coffee
175993699,Had a great time with my friend! We had pizza and watched Men in Black:International I'm proud of myself for going out
175993700,I haven’t done anything today. Well I brought my son to the doctor. My boss has called 3 times...I didn’t answer. I’ll call him after the vet. I just don’t have it in me. I suck.
175993701,You’ll be ok.....how has your sleep been?
175993702,"I don't want to hurt people anymore... Not physically, I would never hurt someone physically especially a girl. I have always defended myself in a fight with any man although I haven't started many fights. That's not what I'm talking about I'm talking about mentally hurting people. Sometimes I get angry or lost and I flip out. Sometimes I think separation or leaving is what to do but it tears my loved ones hearts out and then Shorty after I realize I've hurt myself just as bad by leaving... I don't want to do that ever again... It's so hard not to flip out and its hard to realize when I do its bcuz I'm Bipolar. When it happens I'm not thinking about anything that I should. I am trying so hard to not do that again also... I know its hard for them but I need help from the people that love me too... I need them to remember for me that I am Bipolar so they know how I'm going to react and so they no how to react themselves... The Bipolar struggle is hard on all of us... Not just me bcuz I'm the one that 
has it..."
175993703,"Just watched a webinar on Mental Health in the Workplace by one of our insurance partners. I sent the link also to the CFO who said she was interested but then she missed it. Usually they replay it on their website, but I took copious notes so I sent her the notes. Hopefully it is useful. At least it is a conversation about mental health and illness in the workplace."
175993704,Sangria at 10 AM!!!!!! Love it!!!!!!!
175993705,"That book is pretty good, but Dr. _PERSON_ has a book that I think is actually more helpful. It is called When Panic Attacks, and I find it has a lot of great ideas. I was worried about spending money on another self help book, because I have quite a few, but I found it on eBay for $3.99. That was money well spent."
175993706,Like crystal meth??? No jk. Wellbutrin is a good med. 40% of people with schizophrenia get psychosis from stimulants so maybe you could try a dopaminergic stimulant med to increase quality of life from AP's if you don't have ADHD. Some people get by with coffee though. I still drink one strong cup of coffee in the morning after the stim kicks in. I still can't live without coffee..
175993707,Great job _AT_MENTION_!
175993708,"I wonder how to get over a choking phobia. Not just meds, it makes even eating difficult."
175993709,I downloaded Steam
175993710,I feel a little more focused today. Actually able to get some work done. So I don’t know if I’m coming down or what. I don’t want to be depressed again. I want to keep high energy but with focus until after my exam on Sunday.
175993711,"Dear _PERSON_, That sounds so scary and distressing. Your frustration is totally understandable. I wish I knew what to say that would help. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175993712,"As the day goes on, I get more and more exhausted if I don't wake up at 2pm and instead 8am. I'm going to go get an energy drink."
175993713,Luckily I see my pdoc tomorrow.
175993714,"My cholesterol is high as well. I'm working on my diet though. I cut way back on junk food and am cutting it out pretty much completely now with the exception of special occasions and holidays. By junk food I mostly mean sweets, pastries, candy bars , ice cream etc that's the stuff I've been addicted to for a long time. I have an insane sweet tooth."
175993715,Good luck with the pdoc.
175993716,I thought about giving up soda pop for _PERSON_ but pretty much decided I couldn't do it. I'm going to drink less though....like a modified version. For _PERSON_ I'm going to ADD IN instead of TAKE AWAY something. I'm going to ADD IN a rest period before bed where I reflect on the day and journal and read from Psalms. I think that will be good. I could give up coffee but I don't drink it every day so it wouldn't be much of a sacrifice.
175993717,"The problem is that if people don't like a show it gets cancelled. Then you don't get to see any conclusion. GOT had a pretty good conclusion imo. I know a lot of people didn't like it, but I though it worked. I can't give detains because of spoilers."
175153258,"A continuous worry and source of anxiety for the duration of the pandemic is near an end. My mother, in her 90s, lives in a long-term care facility, which have been incubators for the coronavirus. I haven't visited her in person since March (she has advanced dementia) and as much as I wanted to, current restrictions and medical common sense prevented that. She and other residents of long-term care centers are scheduled to begin receiving the Covid vaccine beginning next week. This is such a relief to me. Looking back I have handled my anxiety over this pretty well and have practiced good self care."
175993718,just took my evening meds
175993719,"I just don't want to tell my mom that I'm having a panic attack because even though it's normal in western society for this to happen, we have no real ways of dealing with it.. Imagine.. Out in the bushes.. ""I'm having a panic attack.."". Someone would say ""Come by the fire and dance"". It's like that thing that JOB wrote in his story.. The way some people feel like God has entered their bodies and everyone chants the person on... (Or it could have been a different story I read..) It's a spiritual thing.. Panic attacks.. My bad trip was spiritual.. Now I'm freaking out about everything and trying to fix it all... And what the soldiers said is the opposite.. Now soldiers are going to take over the world.."
174393528,"I ended up having pork chops, under-cooked rice-a-roni, and broccoli. It was pretty good, minus the rice."
175993720,Hugs bluebird....
175993721,With my new internet connection I’ve been able to use Netflix finally where it streams without buffering constantly. So I’ve been getting lost in that watching a bunch of shows ?
175993722,How certain is the move? Did they buy yet?
175993723,I cant sleep
175993724,"I think I may be a bit depressed, I have no energy and just want to lay around in bed, not to mention anhedonia. Any tips?"
175993725,"i understand. i have severe ocd too and it used to be so bad that my parents would punish me for it and make fun of me. i relate to everything you said, honestly. i have gotten better and it’s not as noticeable but i still touch things twice and say things twice and stuff like that. thank you for sharing your story. you are so strong!!"
175993726,I do have the symptoms of anxiety I don’t have the symptoms of depression ... and my medication I had taken it before and it worked wonders ....thank you _NAME_...
175993727,"_NAME_ You have a great deal of time on your hand...your research is interesting to say the least! You didn’t mention risperdone as one of my current meds. The Cingular incident that took place happened long before I was given Adderall so if you are implying that you have some super human capacity to know the operation of my body and mind....I suggest you get yourself a sponsor and go out and use your powers to do some good rather than attempting to diagnose whether or not I have a “speed” drug problem!! I am on the lowest dose imaginable and rather than entertaining your outlandish nonsense I will respectfully digress to entertain you any further! theHTreturns Thank you for your kindness in assisting me with my question, as I originally asked I was wondering if quitting a drug I’ve been on for 20 could spin a person into a manic episode. Chilly- I took your thread and asked for advice due to its heading “Newly Diagnosed”. I apologize for the nab/taking it over. I was hoping that I migh
t also get a quick response from one whom may have been diagnosed or experienced same/similar circumstances. I hope you are doing well in your life. If I could ask what are your symptoms? Do you have key indicators that your Dr has been witnessing that warrants the diagnosis of bipolar and if so can you share them so I might be able to understand what it is I need to be aware of, if indeed I am experiencing the same? Thank you"
175993728,"That's more than I am able to do. I feel like such a scrub. Especially in my paint clothes. People don't even look through me, they just look at my clothing with disgust. They'd never sense how self-conscious that makes me even after all of these years. The disgust reaction is an interesting reflex, i've been thinking about it for about a month though. I should read some literature about it. Honestly, part of the law is for a judge to suspend their disgust or anger, or condemnation, all emotions really, and just use calm reason for awhile to consider a case. Law is an amazing thing. It was such a big thing in the greek world that the shield of achilles has the presence of jurors and how that is the marl of civilization, and that's what he defends for. It's a brilliant poetic device for a shield."
175993729,It’s not uncommon to do once a month maintenance therapy.....
175993730,I’m not sure what to get for my art supplies next month besides watercolor papers that I’m almost running out. That and I want to try using gesso for my acrylic. I still have the rest of them but I want to try a new media. Should I get some watercolor pencils? Or just some color pencils? Or sketching set? Like charcoal pencils and stuff? Or color tint? Or poster paint? ? ?
174393546,"I remember Chapter 4 of that book (I think) is like, one paragraph that lasted for fifteen pages, and it's all a letter. Boy did I get manic with that. A modern day book with a lot of action and dialogue I can read without getting manic. Fifteen pages of a single paragraph that's a single letter will take me to the moon. An audio book, however, may be nice."
175993731,"I feel like I've gone crazy/insane and I've passed the point of no return. Meds only works for a little while and then they stop. I feel better when I first get out of the hospital, but then I always get suicidal again and the demons never stay away for good. They haven't even left me in over a year now... They've just been there the whole time, some times better than others. I've started going catatonic in addition to dissociating. Sometimes I'm aware and sometimes I'm not... I feel like there is no saving me at this point... What's the point of trying and fighting if it's all going to be in vain? If it's just going to always get worse again, what is the effing point?"
174393540,"I found a new therapist. She messaged me on her day off. I thought that was nice. That's much better than not responding. She says she responds 5 days a week, twice a day. That's her goal. She works M - F. So I feel good about that. I think this will work out."
175993732,Me too
175993733,"Well thank you, I appreciate that, _PERSON_. This is the kind of stuff I do when I'm not in the best of moods (for whatever reason), and I'm tired and kind of fed up with something right now, so I'll post another one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1WQBAvKS1Q What's that? That's a random _NAME_ out of one of _PERSON_ operas. For all that _PERSON_ did for the classical music world, he's not really seen in the mainstream as being a major composer. _PERSON_ did more for the classical music world than any other composer I'd argue. There are four things he did, one is somewhat commonly known, and the other three aren't. 1. He taught _PERSON_/ Everyone and their brother knows who _PERSON_ is. Odds are you've heard a _PERSON_ piece in a movie or on a commercial. Everyone knows this https://youtu.be/XeT17YeUj5k?t=775 _PERSON_ had more than one teacher, but he credited _PERSON_ for teaching him the most. 2. _PERSON_ taught tutored _PERSON_ too By the time _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ met, _PERSON_ didn't need mu
ch tutoring, he was already highly successful and critically acclaimed. However, _PERSON_, being much more experienced, took _PERSON_ under his wing and taught him what he knew. _PERSON_ would later go on to compose what are commonly referred to as ""The Six Haydn Quartets"". He wrote these for _PERSON_, inspired by _PERSON_. He got them published and sent them to _PERSON_ with a letter, stating... Speaking of string quartets... 3. _PERSON_ is the father of the string quartet and the symphony I'm putting the last two into one. _PERSON_ had over 100 symphonies, close to 80 string quartets, and (I believe) the founder of both of these styles. _PERSON_ job, like most composers of that time, was to compose music for a prince. However, _PERSON_ wasn't allowed much contact with the outside world, including his family. He wasn't allowed to listen to music. This is where _PERSON_ famous quote of ""I was forced to become original,"" comes from. Almost every major composer after _PERSON_ had string quartets and symphon
ies. _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, _PERSON_, you name them, with they had at least one of the two. _PERSON_ also composed a living crap ton of ""Baryton trios"". What's a Baryton you ask? It's a string instrument that one of the princes he worked for played. You've never heard of it because literally no one other than _PERSON_ ever used it. No one takes their kids to the music store for them to learn the _PERSON_. You look at someone like _NAME_, who experimented with literally everything. ""Oh, I can make a concerto out of that? Well okay then, sign me up!"" _PERSON_ didn't it to that level, but he had some wild pieces that haven't been done since. I don't know what else to say. I think I'm done. Here's a _PERSON_ trio for you, with a video of someone playing it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQmeHq67k68"
175993734,"Hi everyone. I was pretty calm yesterday and so far I feel pretty calm today. That's great, it's just kind of odd for me. I'm used to being anxious or depressed. No hallucinations last night, so that was good. Therapy went well. He seemed really pleased with the work I had done in between sessions. I'm still not really sure what he wants from me. But that's okay. I guess we will figure it out. My knee is back to hurting. It was hurting all last night. Like I couldn't straighten it all the way and when it was in the bent position it still hurt. I iced it for about an hour this morning, and then I put some heat on it. I might try some Aspercream or icy hot. I'm not sure if it is the tendon or the muscle. If this keeps up, I might go to the doctor, or I just might wait until next month when I see my PCP anyway. Hope everyone is having a great day! HUGS Kit"
175993735,"Sorry breaking dawn, I was a littler nervous about getting mine but I got both of them (Pfizer) and had no issues, and I feel confident that they will help keep me safe. They are very effective. I think Pfizer is like 95% effective."
175993736,Looks beautiful and tasty!
175993737,"I had trouble explaining my first panic attack as well. The ER dr asked me if I had depression or a panic attack and I told him I don't know, I feel really depressed and my heart is pounding. I've never had one before. Then he gave me some kind of benzo prescription, which I had to drive 10 miles for or else sleep in the ER."
175993738,Hi Sorry to hear you are having a tough time at the moment. I have taken Cymbalta and found it to be very effective at treating anxiety and depression it's also good for chronic pain. The only problem with it is that it is one of the harder antidepressants to stop spa very slow taper is required. I am currently taking 60mg Prozac and have also found that to be really helpful so would say give it a go and see how you get on. _PERSON_
175993739,Can't get to sleep
175993740,Not much motivation for me today either. I definitely feel like taking a nap. I can't because I'm at work but I'll probably go to bed early like usual.
175993741,Yea I ain’t going nowhere this weekend. Period.
175993742,Morning I got good sleep.
175993743,Thank you!
175993744,"Thanks DT, I used to be into MMORPG a lot. I’ll check them out"
175993745,Using my second wireless charger at work. It was a good investment. My uncle iz trying to get in an argument. No way im taking the bait lol.
175993746,We have like 200 where I’m staying and that’s good compared to the 1000s in Cook county/Chicago Glad your dad is taking off....
175993747,I pulled a muscle (possibly hamstring) when putting on shoes earlier. Omg this sucks.
175993748,"Thanks, Asparagae."
175993749,Made plans to have dinner with my friend tomorrow
175993750,It just happens when I'm falling asleep or waking up.
175993751,Thank you _PERSON_!!!
175993752,"I probably won't get anything for christmas but I also dont expect anything so I'm okay w that !! I actually dont even like the holidays My ideal Thanksgiving and christmas would be me by myself with _PERSON_ , doing my own thang"
175993753,That sucks. I’ve done that before and it’s not a good sign of mental state.
175993754,"Yes, I showered and washed my hair."
175993755,"Hi there ""fried pickles""! I LOVE that name! I , too , have panic attacks. They are soooo scary! Here's a few things I do to try to get over them: 1. This is going to sound silly, but trust me it works. Force yourself to laugh. Call up someone and ask them to tell you a funny story, or go online for jokes to read, or just simply pretend to laugh- like you are an actor in a movie. When you laugh, your body releases serontonin, and endorphins, and they will relax you. They are the ""feel good"" hormones. I have called friends ahead of time to ask them to prepare a joke or story for me in case I call for one in the future. It is hilarious what some people will say. 2. Freeze ahead of time, an orange or a baggie full of ice. When you feel an attack coming on, go into the freezer and grab it and hold onto it. Your mind focuses on the coldness and moves on from the panic. If anyone else has other ideas, please share! Blessings to you all. _NAME_"
175993756,"_NAME_ told me that his parents from now on will give me Christmas presents too I feel loved, they know I don’t celebrate it but they included me in their family tradition, they’re very considerate and nice. Now I’m thinking what should I give to them in return."
175993757,not today
175993758,"To anyone who cares to read this post, turns out I was diagnosed with _PERSON_. I'm not at all sure about that diagnosis and I've come to believe that SPD is a dubious condition. But, in the end, I'm still so detached that I doubt I'll ever make genuine connections with the world. I say that nearly free of emotion. Total solitude is my reality now. I've become a workaholic and lost my relationship because I'm so disinterested in everything around me. My mind is my only home which suits me fine."
175993759,"Dear _PERSON_, I don't know why that is happening to you but I am sorry that is. Hopefully others here will have insights to share with you. I hope you will be free of that distressing sensation. Sincerely yours, _PERSON_"
175993760,"I can't go out of my comfort zone for 2021. I would take shrooms, drink a six pack, walk down town and take my clothes off. I don't know exactly how to get out of my comfort zone properly."
175993761,"I’m going to say this once because you might not want to hear it, but for me keeping my moods in order it’s really key to sleep at the same time every night and get up at the same time every morning. When i stay up for any reason it tends to f things up, not the next day but the one after. Not worth it..."
175993762,"I have just been diagnosed with SPD at the age of 50. I've been married 20 years (just about hanging in there) I don't really know anything about myself, my diagnosis.... My mum (i believe) has SPD, my dad...... who knows. I had no emotional upbringing, no affection, and i guess i withdrew. If anyone can point me in the best direction from here it would be appreciated - therapy, medication, reading material...etc.."
175993763,Exactly like how can I tell the difference. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175993764,Yes! Def what I’m currently experiencing. As long as I’m distracted I’m okay but I’m still like in a weird cloudy funk....I have an appointment with my doc next week so not sure if he will increase ?. Are you currently on anything?
175993765,"Ughhhhh I just keep eating. I already ate dinner at 5, now I just had a pudding cup"
175993766,Idk why your prescriber gave you zolpidem (Ambien) again instead of zopiclone. Weird. Zopiclone works great for me ^-;
175993767,"Made the peanut butter fudge, it's cooling now. Going to the bookstore soon, then meeting with my case manager, then to the laundromat, and after that the pharmacy"
175993768,Hope it works for you ??
175993769,I indeed did.
175993770,Why stressed?
175993771,"I've got health anxiety, which wasn't helped by the fact that I worked in healthcare. It's under control now. I'd suggest using Cognitive Behavior Therapy, either on your own or with a knowledgeable therapist. It's worth the effort to get this monkey off your back."
175993772,I'm sorry about the destruction but really glad for you that he's ok.
175993773,"Hard to believe it comes out next week, time flies. Hope you enjoy it"
175993774,I'm so sorry you are struggling _AT_MENTION_! I'm sorry the demons are bothering you! HUGS Kit
175993775,I'm okay. I'm at work but I wish I was at home. I'm bored though. I got my Christmas cards written out. Dad is going to mail them today. I am sending out 50 this year which is more than usual because usually I pass out the ones at Church and this year I have to mail them. I helped my parents with their cards. I ghost wrote their Christmas letter like usual. Then I addressed the envelopes so my Mom only had to fill out the inside of the cards and stuff them. I even licked and stamped them for her! I got about 10 presents wrapped. I need to wrap more but I don't want to because my cats enjoy laying under the tree!
175993776,Awkward.....
175993777,Hi...anyone know if there are any drugs that act in the same way as benzos? I am on an anti depressant and a mood stabilizer but really the only thing that calms my brain is a benzo. Thanks.
175993778,"My artwork was accepted by madinamerica and will be added to their que to put in their gallery, it should be up in a few weeks"
175993779,Remember that you matter if you need to talk I’m here only on this site
175993780,"Cognitive therapy is a time-limited, results-oriented approach that is most effective when there’s a specific problem or goal to work on. Cognitive Remediation (CR) uses individualized drills and group bridging sessions to improve functioning in targeted areas of cognition such as attention, memory, and problem-solving. Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) is a form of psychotherapy that helps people understand how their thoughts influence their feelings and behavior. Click on the links to read more concerning these diagnoses."
175993781,Sounds fantastic....I tried the jalapeño pimento cheese from aldi ...pretty good but just a bit too hot for me
175993782,I need some way to make extra money. I wanna get fiancé this computer. But idk if it’s possible.
175993783,I find if I’m overwhelmed I kinda stop doing work.....
175993784,"My appointment went well. She's increasing two of my meds, Wellbutrin and Zoloft. She also wants me to get _NAME_ like ASAP because having cats in the past helped me a lot and she thinks having one again will help me. So I'm gonna remind my sister about getting her to the vet so I can bring her to live with me finally."
175993785,"One time I had jury duty and I was waiting for jury selection and I was rocking back and forth and the bailiff kept looking at me, which only made it worse. It was like a nightmare."
175993786,"Think I'm gonna watch Once Upon a Deadpool today, got the DVD from the library"
175993787,Hope you feel better soon SP!
175993788,I'd make a blog to vent all my thoughts but I worry someone I know will find it and figure out it's me. Sometimes I worry people are going to figure out who I am on here. I think it would hurt my career if people knew.
175993789,"Hello... I have had trouble with anxiety over the years for different reasons. I have never tried support forums so... I'm having trouble with what's going on in the world again. I keep pushing myself and going out in public because I know avoiding things will only make my anxiety worse.. I always wear a mask and try to keep my distance from people. Things go pretty good until about an hour after I get home. That's when it starts.. My anxiety throws out... "" What if have it and you just spread it to everyone you passed.."" ...Enter high anxiety and everything it does... and feel horrible. Sometimes I can let it go enough to mostly move on. Other times not so much.. Anyone else having issues with this, or any advice would be appreciated.. Thanks..."
175993790,Looks like I can't use ketamine because it induces psychosis for me. My mom flushed it and also the psilocybin.
175993791,It feels so real. I’m so annoyed. My brain is messed up. Thought this medication was supposed to help. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175993792,Toast for breakfast
175993793,"My ex left me a few weeks ago due to depression. We'd been together since September, and he started showing signs of slight depression when he had some financial issues in January. He started to pull away a little, saw me less but still talked to me regularly, I assumed it was due to wanting to save gas since we live 30 minutes apart. Fast forward to March where he's seeing me even less, but still talking to me all the time and seemingly happy, but I still feel he loves me but the depression is getting worse. Then Covid-19 hit and as a firefighter with 2 children he was estranged from them for weeks when he thought he had been exposed and was mentally battling whether to see them at all because of it all...he broke up with me a little after Easter. I called him Easter and he sounded so defeated, broken, not anything like the man I loved. The next weekend I brought up his pulling away, how he had shut down, how he should get some help and he wasn't all there anymore...which lead to the break up. He 
told me he had been questioning if we moved too quickly, if he was ready to be in a relationship, if he could be in a relationship...but he told me he only started questioning these things when the depression hit him full force, that he never questioned us before that. I've seen him a few times and try to reach out to check on him as much as I can...but the last time I saw him he was angry, he never lashed out at me, but I could see it in his face. He was a husk of the man I fell in love with and knew...he wasn't himself at all. I've been through severe depression, and I understand his signs, and that who I'm seeing is the mask the depression is...I know what he's feeling and doing is from depression. I've looked up so many ways to help him, and he's agreed to let me be here for him as a friend since until recently he had only told me about it. I had to push him to talk to his mom and seek a counselor, which he's done both now. I guess my question is...is there hope? Is there hope the man I love will come bac
k out of this and still love me? Even though he says he doesn't have feelings now from the depression and only says ""I don't know"", I know how he felt before this, I know the depression makes everything harder and pushes away your loved ones, and makes it so you can't form rational or healthy thoughts...but depression changes people...will it change his feelings for me? I've never met someone like him before, I know everyone says that...but I truly haven't, he's good, he's genuine, he's pure...depression doesn't discriminate but it's stolen the best man I've ever met...and I just want hope that he'll be that man again. Each day is a new day for how I feel and my own emotions take it. I'm just at the point where I need to hear similar stories, and what are the endings of these stories. I know not every story will be a happy ending, but I want to have people to relate to and talk with about this. Can anyone help?"
175993794,Some people’s farms on Stardew Valley are so amazing. I’ve been looking at pictures on a Facebook group I’m in for the game. Mine is a huge wreck lol I’m on like the end of year 4 and I’m just now starting to think about how I want my farm to be laid out. And I just figured out how to get into the secret woods so I can get hardwood. I’m wayyyy behind on things
175993795,"Hell no! If there's one thing I despise more than socializing, it's the abhorrent and pervasive stench of cigarette smoke."
175993796,"I’m bipolar. Honestly it’s really hard to get started on the medication when you’re strung out and manic. He may be addicted to his meds but if he doesn’t take that one med, he would probably be even more manic so I’d try to regulate his intake if anything. Getting started is the hardest part of it. Once you’re a month in it’s gets so much easier but it’s rough and hard to reason at the beginning. What’s important is that he has tour support even though he’s manic. That always made a huge difference to me kinda knowing that someone was there for me and genuinely wanted to support me no matter how bad it got. Destroying everything in his path is self destruction, I used to do it too. Things got REALLY bad for me before I got any better. Hang in there, if you have a therapist go to more therapy so you can relieve some tension and I would work out if you have the time, it helps a lot. Hang in there! When he does come back he’ll be super thankful to you and it will make the bigges
t difference even though it’s really really hard to stick around."
175993797,My mind drifted last night when I was trying to sleep. Broken sleep. Bad thoughts. I wouldn’t want to hurt my family though.
175993798,"I am moving and doing well still!! I am happy!! Life is busy but not too stressful. I feel good about myself. I received word from a friend that he will introduce me to his friend who is a manager of a language company. Then, I will be able to work hopefully as a medical translator/ interpreter. I am going to first take some exams in speaking and writing before meeting the manager. I will study as much as possible and do my best!"
175993799,"Oh, my phone is now serving me adds for antipsychotic injections for sz. Lots of times I'm looking at something online and my phone will take a picture of me. So the people who surveil me can see my face in complete detail. My phone listens to me talk. When I'm texting or talking to family or friends. And it will advertise any product that will help it. My phone knows everything about me. And lately my phone has been trying to get me to talk to it via the Google search bar."
175993800,Few seconds into being entrepreneur; Tired
175993801,I took my morning meds.
175993802,"I love your positive posts _NAME_, Keep them coming. I agree therapy doesn't always work when not on the right medication. Being on the proper medication makes all the difference in the world. I am glad you are at the good state you are in today. And again, I love the positive posts. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175993803,"<3..... Me too. But I try to be optimistic and say ""**** it"".. Or just plain nihilistic and say ""Poor me.. about what has happened.. I suppose I'll try and avoid it or not think about it"" Idk.. Some people are just plain faulty and need to die. They were born or raised wrong and won't change. They just need to die."
175993804,So true............
175993805,"Smoking counts in the study, so the stats will be bound to be high."
175993806,Snap me please
175993807,Slept for a couple hours
175993808,"The reason I asked if you had a good support system is because, I didn't know if you lived with your parents, or what; didn't know if you had people who supported you, for I felt you would need that. It's good that you have a good support system. Also, I wanted to know if you were raised in a positive household, meaning, do you have a positive outlook on solving problems? The reason I asked that is that I grew up in a negative household and had a negative unconscious when it came to solving problems. I didn't know that, for it was in my unconscious, and I just thought that 's the way you approached things like problems. It almost got me, and it did in many ways So, I'm having to guess here, you have a positive attitude about solving problems, right? And you guess, what's going to happen when you go into trying to solve this problem? So, what do you think is going to happen? Because I think a lot depends on what you think is going to happen, before you go into the problem. You said, ""This was a par
ticularly turbulent time, but as a whole I believe I grew up in a positive household. Although looking back it seemed contingent on me meeting expectations."" I don't know what that is, either, but we don't want you going in here with a negative component. So what do think about all of this? Prior to going into the problem, what do you think is going to happen? More On Anxiety Panic Disorders How Social Media Affects Your Mental Health 9 Tips On Getting Over Fear And Anxiety"
175993809,"I meditated and made myself a cup of herbal tea, also played my game which helps relieve my anxiety"
175993810,I had on a black shirt and pumpkin orange pants today.
175993811,"I've never personally experienced this but I just wanted to reply since no one else has yet, I hope you get the answers you're looking for"
175993812,"Yep, Thursday and Friday are better tho"
175993813,"what is a hallucination? Reminds me when I was at an anime convention while other people were dropping acid. A girl was like ""why is everyone bleeding from their noses"" and was rolling around on the hotel floor."
175993814,I had a _NAME_ cloth robe years ago but my mom threw it away because i would just sit naked in it for hours after my shower and not get dressed.
175993815,Cheesecake
175993816,"I got zero hours sleep last night. sigh... I hope I can keep it together at work, it's just so hard to do what I have to do without sleep. My meds aren't helping me sleep. They work for like 2 weeks then I build a tolerance, like I did with greodon, Seroquel, benzos, Benadryl ect… I get tired enough where my eyes close but my brain wont shut down, it's still alert no matter how early I try to get into my bed t calm my nerves. I'm reaching my breaking point."
175993817,"I was very scared until the alprazolam dose.. that's what I intend on using it for. It could have been the beer I drank today.. it triggers derealization mostly. Depersonalization is ok as long as no one judges me for coming across like I'm tripping.. But I'll sleep.. and as said, I'll wake up and deal with this issue in the morning.. maybe I just need a place to write during these times.. beta blocker helps me not aorry about my heart so that's one of the hundred billion things less that I focus on.. I hope everyone has a good sleep.. cuz yknow.. mental problems happen at night too.."
175993818,Im stoned... I need to go to get m IGNORE ME ok?
175993819,I’m gonna blow up a pic of sassy and of her and me and frame it. Maybe this one as one.
175993820,I’m sorry
175993821,"I don't think anyone is ignoring you on purpose. I know for me, I'm slipping into depression again and just don't have much to say..."
175993822,"I feel the same way when I call my pdoc. I always apologize and say, sorry to bother you. But it's literally their job to answer calls and stuff. So that's how I have to rationalize it to myself."
175993823,"Why did I think this thread had 100 pages just as of yesterday? Did something change? Or was I just misreading it? I was about to make a new roll call last night, hah."
175993824,"Hi There, God bless you for your good and loving heart. It could be a physiological problem too. Has she had a thorough physical exam recently? My parents were married until my Dad passed, but my Mom was not an easy woman for my Dad to live with. She was a great wife and mother, but was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s. It manifested first in angry outbursts and confusion. This doesn’t sound like your wife, but there are many physiological illnesses that affect the change in mental status. My Dad wrote a letter to my Mom’s doctor before she went for her appointment with him. He knew Mom would not admit to her behavior and she would not allow him to accompany her. Something for you to consider. Prayers for you, your wife and family."
175993825,"I was talking to my mom thinking about the future. I was hoping it would take me just over four years to finish my degree but I don’t want to go too fast and burn myself out what what working full time, my mental health, needing to have free time. So I think six years is a good goal to have. And just think in six years hopefully still working at the same company I’ll have almost ten years under my belt with them. Working on my skills along the way I should be able to work myself up to a good position. I know I’m thinking ahead a lot but I’ll have to eventually decide if I want to go for a masters or PhD or just be done with learning. Or go for something like a finance degree. Never know what I’ll be thinking in six years! But I feel giddy now thinking about it. I don’t feel tired anymore. I want to just enjoy the happy but a little part of me is worried I feel a bit hypomanic."
175993826,"Hi everyone, I’ve been struggling with psychosis more lately and my psychiatrist and family think it might be a good idea for me to go on an injection form of the antipsychotic I’m on. Does anyone have experience with antipsychotic injections? Have they been helpful?"
175993827,You're a good person too but you may not believe me! You've been beaten down too much... And it's horrible that you've lost loved ones that you really loved to lift you up - That love is lost.. I'm not sure. I've never lost a friend or family member before apart from my grandfather but I didn't know him that much.
175993828,Baby carrots w/ hummus and also a small square of 90%dark chocolate
175993829,This is my 4001st post. I wish I could delete all my posts cuz they're all crappy. I feel anhedonic. My thoughts are bland. I'm living in a grey world. The music I'm listening to is crap. I just like noise. I feel like my thoughts are just noise. An annoying noise. I want it to stop. I want my thoughts to go somewhere interesting or just stop. But I have no motivation. I'm not inspired by anything and I'm exhausted.
175993830,perfume kind of clean clothes hot cereal for breakfast
175993831,Don’t forget the package Monday. Unless it comes early.
175993832,Luckily my pdoc doesn’t have a scale....
175993833,"Hey! I’m _NAME_. Your a strong woman, who only wants better for her own! Work with it girl. I know exactly what you feel like about family, but as long as you know that your Doing what’s right for you keep at it. If you are looking to join others on their journey please just us Sunday’s at 4pm eastern time. I’d love to help if I can! Meeting id is _PHONE_NO_ Password is SYW5Tv"
175993834,"Just drinking some black iced tea, unsweetened."
175993835,The lump on the back of your neck could be a spine hernia. Idk if they exist but my dad says he has the same thing.. _USER_ID_: No I didnt tell him you have a lump on the back of your neck..
175993836,How do you guys deal with med changes? I am feeling a little off from switching APs... I know it'll probably get better with time.
175993837,Oops mc1986;)
175993838,This is the best _NAME_ YouTube
175993839,Yeah... I've opened up to friends who eventually ghost me... one who when I was contemplated suicide and how I live with a dysfunctional family that I don't do anything about it. He didn't tell me. I had to ask a mutual friend to ask what happened. luckily I gotten over it. I call them my best friends but they don't bother talking to me and give me a chance to learn and continue as friends. I guess they really aren't or was my friends.
175993840,"So far, so good."
175993841,"Morning. I was looking at online stores for art supplies. I didn’t know that there’s a sketch book for acrylic/watercolor paint. I will get that next month for when I feel lazy to paint and just want to practice my skill. I don’t feel like doing anything today. Don’t want to paint, don’t want to do yoga, I did my chores though. Now I’m just going to lie down on the bed watching dance videos on YouTube. Hope everyone has a good day today"
175993842,I look forward to seeing more of your artwork You're really good at painting!
175993843,Being functional is my best. Might want to think it more in terms of management. When you know how to manage bi polar better you will function better. This is my approach. HT
175993844,That’s true. My whole career is surrounded in mental health advocacy.
175993845,Studying Italian again. I miss my Italian class in college. At least I have duolingo still.
175993846,They have little multi colored candy covered chocolate chips on them
175993847,Drinking some Dr Pepper now
175993848,I somehow slept from 7pm last night till 12:30pm this afternoon
174393644,"Thanks for the info. It is something I plan on talking to my psychiatrist about because I am fed up with how my body has transformed for the worse while on Seroquel. And the problem is that most, if not all anti-psychotics cause weight gain so I can't exactly switch to another one and expect a huge difference."
175993849,"I agree, tell her your love her and appreciate all the things she does for you. When she talks about problems don't try to find solutions or fix, listen and say that sounds very difficult. I'm sorry you are going thru this, can I do anything to make you feel better? Make her dinner, serve her. Take her for a walk afterward. Run her a bubble bath. Play music and ask her to slow dance. You are a gem, very rare breed, she's lucky to have you."
175993850,I ordered a bunch of sleepytime tea so I can stay calm and a 4lb bag of a plant based sugar alternative
175993851,Do you have any ocd tendencies? Handwashing? Counting?
175993852,"Yeah, I've dealt with this for a long time -- and it's upsetting to me still that I have thoughts about it -- even though I'm in a relatively better place now. I would encourage you to think of some coping skills, whether on your own, or with a therapist (if you see one), that you can use when you get those thoughts. They're tough to deal with, but you can get through them! And, yeah, I think calling a crisis hotline is an excellent idea, too, when you have those thoughts."
175993853,"The key is doing it when you can still feel at least a little...so whenever I notice a slight downturn I do this and it flips back but you’ll probably have to do a few different things with three together before it kicks in. Sometimes anticipation helps too, so like ordering something tiny that will show up in a few days helps...and don’t overlook things you might have enjoyed in childhood like a high bounce ball or whatever."
174393660,"Hi, I was very touched and concerned when I read your post. I have schizophrenia and know how hard that can be on loved ones, as well as the person affected with it. My mom has been a rock for me. I don't know what I would do without her support. As I am, your son is very blessed to have a caring and supportive mom. I know not everyone is as supportive, my ex-husband of 20 years left me before I even fully recovered from an episode. I was devastated and felt so alone. But it made me appreciate even more the support I had, especially from my mom and also my brother. I know the episodes are extremely scary and so hard to go through for the person and their love ones. However, I wanted you to know after some tries, I found a medication that for now anyway, seems to be working for me. I haven't had an episode in a year and a half. So there can be light at the end of the tunnel. As for making your son take his meds, I know that is very difficult. I know for me, when I have gone through episodes, I also 
saw things and heard voices that seemed so real to me. I was 100 percent convinced they were real, and I was terrified people were out to harm me. I insisted on getting a security camera, trying to record voices that weren't real, not being alone, extra. My love ones told me that I could do these things and they would consider the option that what I was experiencing was real, but that they wanted me to also promise to try taking meds. So I did, even though I didn't think I needed them. The meds saved my life. I don't know if this will work for your son, but it did for me. Besides that, being loving, supportive and trying to get him to a psychologist and a counselor might help. I was committed once against my will and I know from personal experience that I hated it and just wanted out. I am sure it is helpful for some people, but I never want to end up there again. I don't know if this will help or work but I wanted to share my own experience with you. I just looked back at your post and it is from a while ago
, I didn't notice that at first. If you are still reading these posts, I wish the best for you and your son. I hope you were able to get help for him."
175993854,"Hi _NAME_. Hope & pray you're feeling well, today. I don't know your exact situation but if you have the funds & live near a functional dr- especially an orthomolecular dr, it could be very helpful. Have you read about functional medicine? Are you taking a good, bio-identical/non-synthetic B-complex(Like _PERSON_ B-Right) and Omega 3's or unrefined, virgin coconut oil? Have you tried an adaptogenic herb like Ashwaganda? Wishing you the very best in life and praying for your true healing."
175993855,Anyone else feel as if their anxiety is being undermined? Even in the situation that were in.
175993856,"Since im a ""new member"" my posts are moderated. It's nice to see that they take care so much. That's part of the reason I like this place..."
175993857,I’ve been playing FPS
175993858,Excellent week. Learning some new ways to cope with anxiety related to unrealistic expectations.
175993859,Granted she encouraged me to maybe stay for a little while in the new city and see. But I'm now sufficiently too afraid to even try. I'm trying not too give up so easily for once in my life.
175993860,"Nope, not today. Either tonight or tomorrow."
174393662,"I take the abilify _AT_MENTION_ in the morning. 10mg, I've only been on it a week and a half so maybe it takes time to adjust I'm glad things are going well with the Trileptal. I had initially switched from Depakote over to it due to weight gain on the Depakote and it's been a great med for me"
175993861,I give up on writing anything. I'm just tired. Of everything. I need to start taking my weight seriously but I just idk. I dont wanna go for a walk I just dont. I dont really wanna do anything.
175993862,"I fortunately have a treadmill so it’s fairly easy for me to do. I am super lucky in that respect because I probably wouldn’t work out outside these days just due to Covid anxiety. I think there are still ways to do it outside these days, don’t get me wrong, but it’s far easier for me to just do it inside these days. I don’t know why I’m still so anxious about Covid but I am..."
175993863,"Plans for tomorrow include: shower, taking a long walk, cleaning/organizing, doing some laundry, and watching Home Alone 2: Lost in New York"
175993864,I’m getting discharged today!!!
175993865,"I have taken Klonopin for over 12 years. I started out at .5 mg AM and PM. That dose worked fine until just recently. I am 63 and had my first bump up. My life would be horrible without it. I know I am now dependent on it, but I want to live my best life.. No one wants to struggle their whole life. Do what is best for you. Klonopin does tend to be longer acting and less likely to build tolerance problems in most people. Good luck."
174393672,"Thank you, I will look into this. I think my doctor doesn’t want me on clozapine tho. I will look into it still, thank you!"
175993867,Facking cold Canadian Rocky Mountain air fack damn it _PERSON_ put on a hoodie and turn up the heat this is the beginning
175993868,can't sleep
175993869,"That reminds me, I have a potato I've been meaning to bake. Not sure if I'm going to cut it up, season it and bake it or if I'm going to do a baked potato with plain greek yogurt instead of sour cream. I'll figure it out tomorrow"
175993870,That sounds really good. I'm craving baked ziti right now. My sister usually makes that and/or lasagna for Christmas
175993871,"That’s good To hear, I have heard great things about CBT, I am Also starting on it. Support here is awesome, and yes it makes you realize we are not alone."
175993872,"Good morning/afternoon. enjoying a cup of decaf coffee. I got up early today. I’ve been up since 7am. It’s going on 11 now. I feel good. Last night was the first night of decreasing the Thorazine. I feel more awake already, didn’t have problems getting up today. So this is a good sign that my energy will/is coming back. Cleaning the kitchen today. I think I’m gonna open my blinds to let some sunlight in. I normally keep them closed 24/7. I love you guys"
175993873,"I dont think im going to get my stim check. At first it said I'm not eligible, and then it said cant process at this time."
175993874,"I care about my family. They are the few people in this world whose well being i put above my own. For everything else, it comes down to ""what will it cost me?"" I have to look after my things to a degree (eg car) because i need them and if they break i will have to spend time and money to fix them. The same goes with my physical health. I care just enough to avoid illness/injury. The same goes for my job. I need to do enough to not get fired."
175993875,Thanks DT! I hope you're doing well
175993876,"I'm so irritable because I started cutting out junk food completely beginning yesterday. So no candy bars, pastries, ice cream etc. must be going through sugar withdrawal or something. I'm doing this for 2 months to see what effect it has on my weight"
175993877,"Thanks guys, I’ll look them up"
175993878,Yeah! you got through the workday and now it's time to party!
175993879,Peanut butter sandwich and coffee
175993880,"_PERSON_ but they sent 5 days worth and I missed my appt cuz I’m sick and I can’t see my doc til a later date, 20th."
175993881,"I’m really just not having a good day. I swear it’s always something And I always continually feel like a burden to everyyyyone around me. That’s why I just wanna isolate from people. I really do. I always gotta hear it from my parents or my friends never have time for me due to their personal lives, fiancé is like a loner, and I’m just done. Not only can I never do anything right... idk it’s always something. Always someone getting mad at me for how I’m living my life. I don’t understand what I’m doing so wrong other than maybe financial issues. Like my moms always on my butt about my weight and health and my dad comes over and he’s like “you need to clean more and clean better. Men don’t like a dirty house”. And so much more of the comments from my mom about my weight, health, my money situation, my religious beliefs even tho they are the same as hers basically, like a shyt ton of stuff. And then my dad, I love him to death, but I gotta hear about how “men don’t like 
when women...” this and that and this and that. I feel so fckn inadequate as a woman and a person. But I know he’s had relationship troubles his whole life and he doesn’t want me to get hurt by a man/person/anyone. Idk. _PERSON_ is always stressed out and doesn’t talk much. My friends are stressed to hell right now. SP and Door. I can’t see my therapist cuz I’m starting this job and she has no openings for me right now for a long while. Like I’m so fckn sad and torn, mentally. Like please someone help rescue me from life. Fckkk."
175993882,Try google play ebook store.......
175993883,"Thank you getting by..its been a rough last few years but this last one took its toll on me. Losing your other half is hard, I've been through many deaths, mom passed away,grandparents,best friends and etc,but the loss of a partner is something I cant explain..she was my very best friend and I'll never be the same. It helps to come here many nights and just read,even if I dont post. Thank you for thinking of me."
175993884,How are you doing?
175993885,"Had several panic attacks last night, I'm so tired I can't keep my eyes open but I can't sleep."
175993886,"lie down, close your eyes, start with the top of your head and imagine that the suns rays are gently warming your scalp. then the rays are moving on down and gently warming your forehead. And as you feel the suns rays gently warming your forehead a sense of calm is coming over you. and then you feel it on your face and on down to each part of your body slowly. At each step of the way your taking the time to really concentrate on how good it feels and how relaxed you are. Do this until you get to the bottom of your feet. You will be very relaxed, calm and grounded."
175993887,"whatever works, however it is a retrain the brain scenario. i weaned off 1200mg of seroquel at night, chronic insomnia, this dose would put 4 people to sleep. took over a year. Sooner is better, however i am not you or ya dr. To get the equilibrium back, sooner is better, but if a few more weeks helps you, seek it. Yes, i discussed a different med, however i have gone of lithium as well. HT"
175993888,"https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&docid=102016004&srcid=share This article might help. It's titled How to Make True Friendships. You can also go to JW. org for more topics like this one on how to deal with loneliness, anxiety, depression and how to find comfort. I hope you are able to find some of the information helpful. Best wishes."
175993889,Beautiful!!!
175993890,"_PERSON_, have you had these twitching issues before?"
175993891,"So my mom called and said if I need anything she can pick it up. And I sent her that pic and told her what I needed. She said she can just make the singular cupcake. I said I didn’t want that. She said “then you make it”. I’m like wtf just buy the ******* 3 dollar large single cupcake. I said “are you offering to buy me the stuff? Or? Cuz I’m not willing to spend 10 dollars on ingredients to make a one time large cupcake, and I don’t want yours” RIDICULOUS! Screw it, then."
175993892,Im sobering up I fell asleep for 2 hours
175993893,"If you mean you doubt they could see through your eyes -- realize there are (from memory, on The Doctors TV Show) things which for ""blind"" people can take a camera image and sort of send it on an optic cell -- And please research The Brain Initiative from sites like ieee (they have free non-commercial information). You can find videos which discuss stuff like ""Stimdust"" which they will tell you are ""out there, in the wild"" -- which is a fancy way of saying they exist and you can find public information about them. The concept of stimdust was they were tiny electronic ""nerve receptor"" cuffs which can hook on the neurons and both 'read' when a nerve is firing and transmit to an external ""transceiver"" (transmitter/receiver) and also receive signals from a transceiver and enact a nerve firing, so they can read and write your brain. _USER_ID_ : I said stim dust, the ""education page"" on ieee referred to it as ""Neural Dust"" but it's the same idea _USER_ID_ 2: I saw somewhere that this neural 
dust could be created with a laser from a $15 ""lightscribe"" dvd burner, meaning it could possibly be created by someone without many resources, but i don't really know all that's involved. In theory, it could be created by something like a ""computer virus"" with access to your DVD burner (details again are not clear)."
175993894,"Boss expected the other senior guy to use the boom lift, it's a mechanical lift on wheels. They wanted the 40 ft lift but they only had a 60-foot lift, and it's way too big for this place and difficult to move around. So the other senior guy is afraid to use it. This job site is going to take forever to get done if we keep on moving like this. On the plus side, we found out that it's okay to just spray and not back roll, at least with the panels. I don't know how we could try that with the siding though. I received by birthday card from my mom. That was really nice of her. I think she wrote what she did because she feels like I'm hard on myself, considering what type of stuff I write. I don't know, my last short story was very dark, but the ending wasn't. I'm very proud of how that story turned out. It was heavily influenced by the bible, paradise lost, and Faust, little greek mythology, the self-concepts, and a very romantic piece (The romantic period not lovey-dovey.) I installed Grammarly Pro in
to my browser and It's very helpful. It's interesting to see how it thinks I write. It gives me ratings and style emojis."
175993895,"It's something I'm gonna have to get over sooner or later. I mean I take 10 pills a day soon to be more when I get on an alternative med to the metformin, I can't keep living with this fear. I'm gonna be on meds for life."
175993896,Macaroni and cheese and some peas
175993897,Facking mosquitos
175993898,"I relate. Its not just with people that I find it difficult to muster interest /energy but with most things in life. Few things motivate me emotionally or physically. I look back on activities I used to find the energy to engage in and am amazed that I was ever like that. I cannot imagine the kind of conversations I must have had, or the motivation, to have sought certain adventures over the years. I could say I have become anhedonic except I do appreciate a great t.v. series and recently was motivated, emotionally, to rescue a small dog running helter skelter on a dangerous road. I was motivated enough to risk causing an accident by stopping on a dangerous bend and cause traffic to stop as I ran after him, and managed to get him in my car. I am stuck with him now, and cannot put in much energy to find his owner. But I am getting a kick out of understanding his nature. There is a battle of wits going on that is much more appealing than any human engagement. Its weird how every time I give up on lif
e a stray animal comes my way and it eeks out a little something I still have left to give. Energy IS the key word. Therefore I think it is useful to think about what does energise or motivate one, if anything, rather than dwell on why one cannot find the energy to engage in what most others can do effortlessly. Perhaps other people are less sincere and it takes less out of them to relate in a superficial way to others for the sake of business, work, socially etc.. Perhaps the schizoid is not motivated enough by self interest... who knows. Another thing I find is when I am angry I have plenty of energy with which to engage with others. I find it an easier energy to expend than superficial politeness."
175993899,It's called desensitization
175993900,"I'm going to start studying different subjects on Khan Academy again, for something to do until the fall semester when I can start classes again."
175993901,Bf and I have been scarfing up these mini strawberry swirl cupcakes ? there are only four left....they will not last much longer....
175993902,A piece of blueberry lemon goat cheese and some cereal (not together)
175993903,Ohhh dang that sucks
175993904,"Ugh, I keep thinking of going off of meds, but then I often realize that I'd probably be feeling way worse if I went off of them. I don't know why my brain behaves in the way it does sometimes. Oh well. I have to learn to live with these thoughts, I suppose."
175993905,Just get through this day of work and you'll be fine...
175993906,are u still prediabetic? that sounds like blood sugar issues
174393718,That's the thing. With the Schizoaffective most of the stuff that I used to enjoy I don't anymore. Like reading and stuff like that. I just want to sleep all the time and hide out. I already have a weighted blanket so I don't need to ask for one of those. It's like I don't even want anything. Maybe I will just ask them to make a donation to charity instead of giving me a gift.
175993907,"My mom is getting a new phone too, probably the new se....we are cheap in the family but her phone is barely getting texts and stuff."
175993908,I don't feel as productive today. I am planning to be self employed
175993909,I want to go back to not knowing the truth. Anything is better than being God
175993910,"My new laptop Attached Images 57301D83-380E-4E26-A4CC-B6ABE6BCC23D.jpg (215.9 KB, 8 views)"
175993911,"Hugs and much love, Blue!!!!!"
175993912,"If you go by yourself just make sure to be safe. Don't go out by yourself at night, or around rough areas or places you're not familiar with, etc make sure your phone is on you charged. Etc that kind of stuff"
175993913,I had more auditions come over night for voice actors. I gotta review them. I'm tuckered out tho. I really dont wanna do anything but sleep.
175993914,Black coffee
175993915,"I am doing okay today. Just tired from not having Abilify on board. I feel like I need a stimulant all the time. I am depressed, but at the same time, my moods fluctuate wildly. I hope to find some stability soon."
175993916,Hope _NAME_ is doing alright
175993917,"Now that it has been a few weeks, things are slowly starting to change for the good and for the not so good. I don't know about you guys, but with my paranoid anxiety coming back after this change and the introduction to a new relationship, I have really had to rely on creating a routine. Does anyone else find that creating a routine has helped them? If so, what do you do? I make sure to wash my face to feel good about myself, make a healthy breakfast with toast, read some scripture, work a little bit, and then do something for myself like bake or craft."
175993918,"Just cut yourself a little slack right now. I know you don't like to take it but with the social distancing people are getting depressed and anxious. If you get bad, take what you need. This wont last forever, so things will get easier in time. Have a lovely day... _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175993919,"I'm gonna try to get 10,000 steps in tomorrow"
175993920,Getting that kinda feverish manicy feeling. I doubt I'll sleep tonight
175993921,paranoid hearing ****
175993922,"I feel awful, newtus. I was just concerned about your symptoms."
175993923,Philosophical drug..
175993924,I should try that
175993925,"Yeah, took one a little while ago"
175993926,I miss the days - NF YouTube
175993927,I feel alone I wish I had a nerdy friend to do things with like studying things or someone that does things - Like an entrepreneur or something. I might as well watch the news before I sleep. I just don't want to take a facking zopiclone. I'm gonna try 3.75mg of mirtazapine. RIP
175993928,"Glad you feel better newtus, I get nausea from my night meds and it takes about the same time for it to go away. I know it's frustrating"
175993929,_PERSON_ is sick. Pretty sure he got it down there. Either from one of the kids or some hotel guest down there. Hes gonna goto the doctor tomorrow. Thank god he has sick days for work.
175993930,It affects me differently. Short lived high followed by anxiety and then feeling wiped out. Also tolerance builds up quicker. Organic home-grown doesn't do this. I can smoke it on and off all day and get a buzz each time without the anxiety. Not sure why. Perhaps it is the fertilizers used in hydroponic... who knows...
175993931,Talked to the psychologist today. Went well. We talked about obsessive thinking and intrusive thoughts and OCD behaviors. So we're working on them. I've become obsessed with washing my face lately. And I have some stuff I do a lot and have done for years.
175993932,Currently doing some proofreading work.
175993933,40 with bipolar etc etc. A list. You're very lucky to get diagnosed at your age. I was in my 30s struggled my whole life. Im here if u ever wanna chat100 [gethtml](getelements1) 925: command /bin/bash returned exit code 1
175993934,I guess I’ll try to sleep for an hour or so. I’m exhausted.
175993935,That’s great to hear!!!
175993936,I’m trying to find a book about how to judge people’s character better. A lot of problems in my life is rooted in my failure in seeing people as who they really are.
175993937,"For me I’m probably a two on the pro med side, but early in my illness I thought I could be off meds safely, I think we all go through that in order to learn it will come back, but I’ve learned I’ll probably never be off meds."
174393748,"I was close to going on it, when I tried Trilafon as a kind of last resort or whatever. It seems to be working but, if it gets bad again, I am happy to go on Clozaril."
175993938,"Lol They reorganized my stuff, including throwing away stuff, and they were incredibly slow about changing the sheets (they only strip the bed a.few times per year). So I tried to get the fitted sheet on and I couldn't. The bed is done now though. I just have to be hopeful that they didn't throw out important papers and stuff. I'm still very rattled."
175993939,Yes! How have you been?
175993940,i feel gross and awful.
175993941,No fever good. ? Otherwise healthy ? Given the ok by from test? 3 ticks. No overseas travel? If no recently another tick? If in doubt call ya dr. Yes i too respiratory issues but i am a no fear kinda turtle. ?? HT Keep up good hand wash and all the associated recommendations. Keep ?. HT
175993942,How does the Fitbit charge if you wear it to sleep?
175993943,Decaf coffee again
175993944,It's hard to tell a lot of the time how he feels. He says I'm the most important person to him but then he flies off to celebrate his friend's birthday. He didn't celebrate my birthday. And he always wants to go home before he's been here very long. I am more grateful and appreciative of you guys here than I can say. Without you I'd be so lost.
175993945,It's all up to you on that one. I didn't know there' was dating sites for asexuals.
175993946,Good question At the point when people start taking advantages
175993947,Just don’t flush the paper towels or you’ll need service on your toilet....hand a disposable bag off the toilet handle to hold them.
175993948,Have the pumpkin pie in the oven now since I'm feeling better and can keep an eye on it
175993949,I hope you feel better
175993950,"Good job, _AT_MENTION_ . I took a shower yesterday. Makes me feel so good when I get done and put on fresh clothes. I take a bath or a shower twice a week."
175993951,"Usually when I was younger most of the time I didn't get what I ask for but said that they'll get it for my birthday or Christmas and such. Then there's the whole ""don't touch nothing, don't ask for anything, because you aint getting anything."""
175993952,"Idk, I have been on SSRI's for years"
175993953,"I've just been gone because of work. No need to miss me, im back"
175993954,Hi everyone. I haven't been on here in a very long time. Does scaredy cat still moderate this too?
175993955,"The more I hear, the better I like it lol. I never met a benzo I didn't like."
175993956,It's really not that weird.
175993957,I just hang out here but I mostly post when something happens or I’m not well lol.
174393768,"I wish I had more direction from my psychiatrist! He's being extremely vague these days and saying that I'll do fine with a lower dose of meds. I guess I don't believe him. It's not too good. Or maybe I'm just getting overly worried about the covid-19 situation, but I still don't know. It seems like everything is really hard these days. I kind of wish I would be able to go back on some of the meds I was on before. I hate this hands-off approach that my psychiatrist has these days. It is not good."
175993958,"It's hard to manage depression and anxiety in a non-supportive environment. I don't know what it's like to be in the military. I can imagine, on the one hand, the benefits of its camaraderie and, on the other hand, the conformity and difficulty of sharing vulnerability. It would seem to me that, until you feel stronger, you should put your game face on and retreat a bit into yourself. The key here is ""until you feel stronger."" How do you do that? Reading CBT self-help books, finding an online support group (go to _USER_ID_ to find one), keep chatting here and, most importantly, seek out therapy and medication for depression. But remove yourself from bad situations. If there's stuff going on that is not good for you and you can, walk away. Listen to music or an audiobook, write a journal, take cell phone pictures... anything until you are calm. Then day by day, rebuild your sense of self worth, with professional support. Step by step. Persevere. Take care."
175993959,"I think I am able to do less and less as of late. I got reinstated at my job, though, so that's good. It just seems hard to get going on that. I know I have literally only one chance left though. Anyway, my day was going better earlier."
175993960,"I have to make a few medical appointments, and I've been dragging my heels with it. Thinking of asking if the kitchen could give me low calorie meals. I've got to start losing weight."
175993961,And you’re hallucinating by the sound of it. You should contact your doctor. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175993962,"Sometimes forcing yourself to smile (it doesn't have to be a big cheesy smile) for a minute (actually set a timer) can lift your mood slightly. Feels silly, but that helps too."
175993963,May i suggest looking at an occupational therapist for advice....they can work in a multi disciplinary way with existing practioners. Disability service providers are a excellent source of info and universities who teach medicine and allied health. Many healing thoughts for positive outcomes. HT
175993964,"Get medical help. It’s been 5 days. If you don’t have insurance, go to the emergency room. Accidents happen. No one’s to blame here."
175993965,"Slept a few hours, now im wide awake"
175993966,yes I did
175993967,"Slept for 17 hours. I feel refreshed. There was a moment where it felt like my heart was having arrhythmias but it was likely sleep paralysis tactile hallucinations. I thought I was dying and hallucinating that I couldn't breathe and was going to the afterlife so I said ""Fine I'll do anything to live"" and I woke up. I had horrible nightmares about having skin cancer, that life isn't real - All sorts of ****. They were the most psychotic dreams I've ever had. Pure psychotic dreams. Welp.. I work in 40 minutes.."
175993968,Wow!!!!!!!
175993969,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFjRiWiznYU I feel like a lot of people know about this _NAME_. They may not know what it is, but they know about it. The story of _PERSON_, the sad clown. _PERSON_ composed quite a few operas, and they were all flops. His biggest rival was _PERSON_, who is undoubtedly one of the greatest opera composers of all time. Every single _PERSON_ opera is still played to this day. Outside of _PERSON_, you may find students performing a _PERSON_ opera, but you're not going to see one at a major opera house. _PERSON_ did it well, most tenors did, it's not the most demanding _NAME_. Fun facts about the _NAME_, back in 1906, it was the first record to sell a million copies, only with _PERSON_ singing. I've seen the record on eBay, at $100,000.00. Would be nice to add to a collection, if it even worked. Another fun fact, _PERSON_ and _PERSON_ were the only two major opera singers that were self-taught. _PERSON_ revolutionized opera. _PERSON_ didn't, but don't discredit him, he wa
s still excellent at what he did. The lyrics, translated to English, go as follows... I hear it as"
175993970,"This is pretty solid. I notice when a take a very, very hot shower my nerves settle a bit."
175993971,"_AT_MENTION_ the valley- I'm sorry for your medical health. ? Have you tried Dramamine or meclazine for nausea? They are over the counter, and have very few side effects for most people. They are in the antihistamine area of medicines. If your main symptom is heartburn, and medicines aren't helping, you could try a baking soda and water mix. It acts on the same principles as some medicine, but because it is more basic, it works better for some people. I hope you feel better soon."
175993972,"Hi _NAME_, I have noticed that when I am really anxious my muscles twitch in weird places. My chest sometimes, my back, legs.. they are just everywhere. I do my best not to google symptoms anymore because it makes it worse. Now with the coronavirus I am more obsessed about respiratory symptoms and I forgot about my chest pain. So I do think it is the nature of GAD but it is really scary. Hopefully, you can relax and learn to ignore the twitch. It seems like once you learn to live with one symptom, another one pops up. Best of luck."
175993973,"Depressed Vyvanse crash Went unconscious zopiclone dreams Vyvanse wake up at 1pm Not sure what to do - Maybe write things down Need to buy more nicotine gum but also want to quit Messy mind, messy chaotic world Lacking social interaction Hopelessness about the world but must keep going"
175993974,"I got about 5 hours of sleep, wish I could just sleep through the night"
175993975,Yes it seems like the ones who have had anxiety prior to the virus is seeing a comeback...and then there is a lot of people who had never experienced it to suffer from it now
175993976,Yeah it's great
175993977,"I read 40 books so far this year, which is good considering how bad my concentration was over the past year. It's getting a lot better now though. Normally I can read 70 to 100 books a year, I think I'll set my 2020 goal to 75"
175993978,"Does anyone feel anxious particularly in the morning? I often wake up, and while lying in bed, feel a bit anxious, say a number 4-5 on a scale of 10. Although after getting up, get moving, and make breakfast, it seems to dissipate. I sometimes wonder if it is a blood sugar thing. And, it is more likely to happen if I have a dessert the night before."
175993979,"I now am on Geodon 40mg twice a day, Lamictal 200mg twice a day and Ingrezza for movements which is a life saver because of my tardive dyskinesia. That is all I'm on right now she told me she may put me on another anti-depressant, but wants to wait and see. I will ask her to put me back on Prozac because it worked for me for a long time. My situation at home is better then it's ever been so I'm crossing my fingers and hopefully I wont get depressed before I see my doctor again."
175993980,Thanks! I'll use that idea as my day 5 drawing
175993981,Harvarti cheese and water
175993982,"Languages are not a high point for me, even English."
175993983,"Oh _NAME_, you sound like me!!! Right now I am awaiting results of a screening breast MRI and I do not want to touch my breast scared I might find a lump. But all day I am poking and prodding my body it never ends and I keep finding stuff. I dont know how to get out of this rut. I think we just need to accept death. I don't know if you are a person of faith or not. But I try to put my faith in God and just say it's all in his hands, he has a plan fo rme, etc .It helps sometimes but most of the time that thinking goes out the window. I am 37 years old, and recently I have stopped hearing the comforting words from docs, you are too young for this or too young for that, I am approaching the age where if something creeps up it might be serious. I think we need to learn how to handle this anxiety because the one thing we cannot avoid is death."
175993984,Happy Birthday Weary... I am sorry that it turned out to be a trigger. I know you miss your son. I am really sorry for what you have been and are going through. I hope you see some brighter days. So how is the buspar doing? Maybe it is hard to tell. Keep hanging in there. Gentle hugs... _NAME_...
175993985,"Risperidone, Olanzapine, a few SSRIs, and anti-anxiety medication. I'm supposed to try Geodon in the next few days. Im afraid to take it because all the reviews online say it has horrible side effects. Olanzapine caused so much weight gain and I kept passing out from Risperidone."
174393818,I am an Eastern Star...
175993986,I'm gonna make egos with syrup on the morning
175993987,I’m dreading having a shower. _PERSON_ but it’s been a week. Someone will notice if I don’t take a shower. Ugh. I should try to enjoy it. Just quick in and out I can do it.
175993988,Eating my cookies now.
175993989,Schizophrenia is like a bad toupee Everyone can tell And stifle their giggles
175993990,"This computer course I’m taking seems exhausting already because of all these steps you have to take for each unit. The first unit was so dull I’m procrastinating on it. It’s not a hard course, it’s introductory but it’s required and it’s not that great. I’m interested in the material just the set up is kind of bleh. At least I get to make PowerPoint presentations for my assignments, and it’s only six units. I wanna get to the good stuff already."
175993991,"I think weed calms him, and since he doesn't have that, his condition is getting worse. He wanted to use my phone, which I won't let anyone use my phone. That's like asking me if they can use my social security card if you ask me. Lately he's been playing with the laser pointer for hours, b/c if he puts it in the corner he can see three dots, and then he thinks he can maybe start the fire alarm... this is with phone withdrawal. He's deteriorating pretty fast without a job and without a phone, without pot right now."
175993992,The Light Between Oceans by _PERSON_
175993993,That’s great news falcon
175993994,drinking coffee
175993995,"I'm excited for sword and shield too. But I just dont know anymore. You know? It takes them forever to come out with a pretty much half new pokemon game. In between, the games are all rehashed with different names. I'm not sure if I am gonna get it or not. I have to think hard about it."
175993996,"Do we have a female equivalent to incels? If not, then why not?"
175993997,I might start taking fish oil
175993998,"Retail therapy is the best! I like getting small things like a new nail polish color or something like that, a $5 movie, etc. It can really lift your mood. Sometimes I do buy big things but I try to stay within my budget"
175993999,Sneezing parrot
175994000,That's great! I hope it continues
175994001,_PERSON_ Pepper
174393838,_AT_MENTION_ Do you know if he gets medical help like meds and therapy? You can’t fix him unless he makes efforts himself
175994002,Once pandemic is over the first thing I’ll do is traveling. I feel like a bird in a cage now ?
175994003,The Blacklist is so good on Netflix. I just finished season 6. It's just amazing.
175994004,Working on a _NAME_ style drawing
175994005,Feeling unproductive lately. Could be the weed. All dispensaries are out of pineapple express. It's the only strain that I want.
175994006,I'm not sure if the dissociation goes away over time after an increased dose of SSRI - You should ask your prescriber about that.. *hugs*
175994007,"Before my diagnosis i always found excuses, looking back i think i had a desire to be desired but no desire to have a relationship I had alot of girls hit on me in the past, today i try to avoid it for the ""victim's"" sake"
175994008,At least you tried to participate....that is half the battle....
175994009,"Thanks, _PERSON_! I'm pretty paranoid tonight, having a hard time taking meds"
175994010,"Hi _NAME_, Is this every Sunday at 5pm EST."
175994011,"Man can’t believe give away the good advice for free, I should be getting royalties on that"
175994012,Have a headache and am really irritated for some reason
175994013,I wrote a bit last night. But I'm so like lazy past few days. I think it's the heat. Like past month I've been up doing stuff rather it's in the house or not but I feel drained. Idk it could be my geodon I take in the morning. I feel great when I wake up but once I take my geodon I'm so tired for the rest of the day.
175994014,I don’t expect people to come together in unity. The divisions are too great. But perhaps at least our leaders can endeavor to tell the truth and treat one another with decorum and civility. That would be a start.
175994015,This helps me too
175994016,"I have been put in the hospital involuntarily too but I've been summoned once, some people never get it, some people get it multiple times, some just once, I think it's somewhat random."
175994017,???
175994018,All done in watercolor
175994019,"Hey everyone. Had to work a 10 hour day with the boss. During lunch he put on Netflix, a show called Love Death and Robots. It was ****ing awesome. They are all sci fi short stories. The first one had too much violence for me, but I watched another that was brilliant, a real mind stretcher. So that was the highlight of my day. I think we were a good team today. Now im just relaxing with a drink. I wish I could find a podcast that talked about the 20 democratic presidential potentials. I'm leaning heavily towards _NAME_. She seems to be the idea candidate, plus she has a proven track record. Did anyone see _NAME_ Bidens Campaign ad? Wow, He's going for the kill. 0.o I woke up with a text from my roommate. My street was 3 inches of water, and when I opened the curtain to check I saw a white chevy Malibuscreaming down my street IN REVERSE! lol weird. I'm going to publish this weekend i've decided. I'm not going to go with an editor for an extra $500 bucks he would charge, that's when my book was 270, 
now its 330pgs."
175994020,I am happy again. The director of my program is awesome and is letting me back into the program. I am going to finish this degree!
175994021,I hope it goes well!
175994022,Here for you. These are scary times. call your pcp or local urgent care and see if they recommend getting tested.Same here on the anxiety. I’m immunocompromised and I take care of my mom who is already on oxygen. Keep doing deep breathing to stay as calm as possible
175994023,Gonna sit outside and listen to the rest of the podcast... Will make chamomile tea.. Might need a towel to dry the lawn chair cuz it was raining..
175994024,"Hi, I’m 18 years old. I randomly stumbled upon this website. Currently going through a difficult time and could really use a friend :)"
175994025,"Yes I did, the RX ones anyway. Still need to take the supplements."
175994026,"Watching that _NAME_ movie on Netflix, creepy"
175994027,Thank you! Yeah it's usually the same for me. Anticipatory anxiety is usually bad then things go fine
175994028,"I need to get on the treadmill today. I don't feel like it, I'm exhausted, but I guess I'll try dragging myself out of bed and doing it a little later. I have to at least start somewhere"
175994029,"I am feeling inept and inadequate this evening, and have no one to share my flood of emotion with as I have successfully convinced every one I know that I am doing well. And I am feeling guilty in turning back to the forum after so long, because I had almost convinced myself as well - so that makes me an emotional mess and a liar. But I do not know what else to do, other than cry in the shower where no one can see (and clean the bathroom for the millionth time while I'm there). OCD is flaring with a vengeance and it is getting more difficult to mask. I cannot stay asleep for more than 2 hours. I am in a constant state of fear - with a smile on my face."
175994030,Yeah it costs so much I wanna have some merch to represent!
175994031,"Wait, but those classes were canceled due to the virus, right? So, why is there a problem now?"
175994032,Man...10 AM Catholic wedding with only ONE cup of coffee. I damn near fell asleep while they were singing. Oy. Now to the 6 hour reception *sigh*
175994033,i really had myself convinced that someone snuck in my house and stole my pills
175994034,"Thank you. Based on what you said, I have concluded that I really should look into it further."
175994035,"Try to keep what you have left (if any) to have there just to know it is there. I carry Xanax with me but rarely need it. But if I didn't have it, I would need one. I wish you could find a doctor to prescribe it for you. I know that alone gives a person anxiety. Hang in there, you are doing good. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175994036,Yep and shaved my head
174393884,I don't know how much my insurance gets charged for my Rexulti. I think I pay $30 a month until I meet my out of pocket maximum and then it's zero. But I don't know how much the insurance pays. Probably a lot because it doesn't have a generic.
175994037,"We ended up in the ER for a stupid decision. Possible trigger: We cut and needed staples. We've also been misusing our meds, and took more than prescribed of one yesterday. Not enough to hurt us... We have been telling IOP T about both the self harm and the med thing. we are seriously considering the hospital right now. If we are even given a choice, we will probably end up going today."
175994038,That is so weird ....why can’t he drop her off?
175994039,Stay safe! We’re under a severe thunderstorm warning.
175994040,I haven’t been here since October. Been struggling emotionally since the weekend. Was triggered by something on Saturday and the anger made way to sadness. Was able to identify it and find ways to cope. More upbeat this afternoon.
175994041,I hope your appointment at the college goes well _AT_MENTION_!!
175994042,Thanks... I need a hug. I’ve read some of the post before posting. I’m sorry to hear about your sisters cancer. I hope treatment works out. Seeing a love one get sick and stuff is scary so I feel for you.
175994043,"Try to think of the good things you’ll get, sometimes I reward myself with flowers if I’m particularly stressed about it, in my case the driving."
175994044,"I contacted a text crisis line a few times and they got me mixed up with another person they were helping. I called them out on it, but I never wanted to try again. I don’t need referrals to resources - I just need someone to listen. I don’t want them to treat me like a baby either. Does Happy sound like something that could help me in a crisis when I’m distrustful of crisis text line?"
175994045,Green bell pepper and cottage cheese
175994046,Oh we have two kinds of chuck roast...one is seven bone and the other is a boneless version....I can id it pretty much by sight no matter what they call it.....but the key is most stores have a butcher there and they can tell you what the store calls it. Still $15 is not bad for the whole kit.......at least it’s not in the Chicago area.....idk by you.
175994047,"I'm feeling great!! Life is good. I am compliant and doing well. I sleep well and eat too much still. But, I exercise when possible. I am working too and am working more than before. I hope to go to grad school and am looking forward to going back to school again. I can't say my life has always been well but these days, I'm doing grand. I really respect those who suffer a lot and have the will to live. I've been there and wish you the very best!! I can say that life does become better with time and with effective medication."
175994048,I'm exhausted from my morning meds. Trying to stay awake though because I need to go somewhere later
174393896,"I should also mention, I also lost 70 lbs since March and that's a sign on schizophrenia I guess. But it's because I'm just not hungry and pace alot. And I'm not sure pacing is always something to do with schizophrenia."
175994049,Wow! Scary! But yea your right.
175994050,Yikes. _PERSON_ my T is expensive a bit even tho I’m on a sliding scale. I have to pay out of pocket because she doesn’t take Medicare. So 70 a pop.
175994051,some black coffee
175994052,Thank you!
175994053,Yes took one today
175994054,"That's a cool idea SP, that would be awesome!"
175994055,"I forgot to take my antianxiety med cuz I was almost late for work fiddling with my ear plugs cuz one of my ears is infected. Idk why. It could be cuz I have ""wet ear"" which is buildup between the plug and ear lobe. I wear my plugs in the shower. As well as necklaces that are quality and my engagement ring and my promise ring. Anyhoo, I did well today. But I had to wear only one plug today and I was super embarrassed cuz my earlobe is huge since I gauged them. But it was either be late for work trying to put it in or that."
175994056,I’m so sorry you are feeling this way and I understand. It’s really hard sometimes to realize that life does get better esp when it’s really stressful with a lot going wrong. I have been told to do a gratitude list every night and it helps some when I actually do it. I wish I had a magic answer but I don’t. I do pray and hope that you’ll have a better day tomm.
175994057,"Been dissociating today. Feeling confused. Means I have to do yoga more. Usually it helps. Bought aromatherapy oil, a candle, and dried flowers to light up my mood. The oil looks something like this:"
175994058,"I took 1.5 tiz hoping it would chill out my muscle tension and I think it's kicking in now. At least a little part of it. I don't know what to think about how long various meds take to kick in. 2 hours minimum for phenibut. I always thought it would be the same, 20 minutes for any oral drug."
175994059,_PERSON_ can you call your doc again and tell them what’s going on with the depression. Neither the high or the low are good....the meds should be taking care of both. If they aren’t then you might need a therapist to help you through the rough patches.
175994060,U need to add me back to add u to the group
175994061,"I’ve read it, not in school. It went through a trendy phase a few years back."
175994062,Everyone has their own thing. We all try our best. No one is better than the other no matter our progress or standing.
175994063,I don’t know. I also moved back in my apartment the same day I upped the dose to 150mg so it might be that.
175994064,"Thank you, I’ve known it for awhile but didn’t want to admit it to myself"
174393927,"Sometimes when I know that I have an active day ahead of me I get worried that I won't sleep well and that I'll be worn out the next day because of it. As a result, I sometimes don't sleep well because I'm worried about it. But in general I sleep very well thanks to the Clozaril I'm on."
175994065,"I think you should try it, cbt works great for me"
175994066,"There's idiots in every group that have nothing better to do than make nasty comments to people, they're just trolls and their opinion means nothing"
175994067,My _PERSON_
175994068,I’m awake lmao I’m writing for my blog and 2 other websites.
175994069,Omg that sounds so darn good
175994070,Dinner was sweet and sour chicken w/ rice and vegetables. Making a cup of black coffee in a little bit
175994071,I’m gonna lose my job before I even start it. I don’t have money for a lock and no one will get me one.
174393942,"That's interesting because I'm naturally very creative. I play music, paint, write, etc. When I got positive symptoms I started being interested in more concrete things like science and medical things. Philosophy too but it's not concrete."
175994072,"My mom and her bf bought ""_NAME_ easy way to stop smoking"" book. You get to smoke until you're finished reading the book and it convinces you to quit =]"
175994073,Nice!!!!!!
175994074,"I'm not sure why your doctors won't let you retest or what state you're in that they won't let you retest. There should be a place in your state that you can simply drive into for a retest. I had two nasal swab tests which came back negative even though I STILL had symptoms over a month later. Based on the fact I still had symptoms, I was able to go to my doctor and get a script for the IGG-IGm test (vial antibody as opposed to the pin prick one they do for antibodies). Is it the doctor giving you a hard time or the insurance company? If it's the insurance company, call them up directly and let them know you require a test to ensure you're not spreading it everywhere since you both still have symptoms. You can also tell them you want to give blood, but they won't allow you to until you can prove you're no longer contagious any more. The blood bank will want your antibodies to treat someone else."
175994075,I only hear voices occasionally. Most of my hallucinations are visual.
175994076,My mom gave me this too and it makes my whole apartment smell like fresh cookies!!!
175994077,anxiety...cant sleep
175994078,I’m fully healed now guys. Energy is back to normal too. Guess why it took a while for me to recover was due to stress as well. Sorry I made y’all worried
175994079,You’re on a roll bb!
175994080,Work tomorrow
175994081,Good morning I believe I have found the home of my dreams.
175994082,Hi Welcome to the forum. As HT mentioned a lot of meds have these side effects when starting up but they usually pass after a couple of weeks so stick with it and if things don't improve you need to go back and speak with your doctor. Feel free top post your Anxiety First Aid list i'm sure other members would find that useful. _PERSON_
175994083,"Just had a big anxiety attack combined with fueling anger... I calmed down, still mildly pissed off but not in a panic."
175994084,"That's what I do. That exact same thing, and it calms my anxiety to the point where I wont freak out."
175994085,I heard my phone ringtone playing right next to me in my ear loudly but it wasn't actually ringing
175994086,"So um...I'll just be blunt I guess. I think I'm addicted to harming myself. Whether it's drugs, alcohol, sex, cutting, scratching, I always end up doing something. Any advice?"
175994087,She won’t even entertain the idea that there is something wrong.
175994088,"I just hate everything right now. I hate everything about my life. I really just want to go back to my dads and lay in bed all day, everyday. I've been thinking about this for 2 or 3 days now. Idk what I'm doing anymore. I cant take anything going on. I just want to go back to how things were. I really do."
175994089,"I’ve always wanted to do that, if I ever do I’ll take pics and post them here because that **** will be highly entertaining and I won’t be depriving my favorite people on the internet of the fun!"
175994090,To my boss or the case manager? I told the case manager. She seemed to just brush it off. I told my boss too. And that's when my boss said I'll have to continue shadowing her. But today I might tell her in depth what happened.
175994091,I meditated for 5 minutes and then SP and I channeled positive energy and I wrote enlightening Facebook post instead of the scary one that I deleted.
175994092,"hi! moved in with my gf. feeling better, but still have some mental health issues. things are better. i never thought i would be here, and I never thought i would be able to get over things that have happened to me. But I just want to come back here and say that things do get better, just keep making good choices, keep trying, keep going. I have found that the only way through ""hell"" is to literally just keep going through it. dont give up, dont let the emptiness, pain, sorrow, loneliness, anxiety, depression, or toxic environment stop you. Keep reaching out, keep speaking your truth, keep trying to love yourself and take care of yourself. I promise it gets better."
175994093,"They sell caffeine water at Starbucks too, that’s the first place I saw it."
175994094,My Mom is going to work on one room in the house per day. So she is starting with the dining room. She said she'll leave the tree up for a few days. Probably will have it all taken down by New Years.
175994095,Yeah dinner probably wasn’t enough honestly. A tilapia fillet (110 calories) and some diced carrots (barely any calories) and I hadn’t had any snacks throughout the day. I’m sort of like a diabetic now that I have to make sure my blood sugar doesn’t get dangerously low. Even though I’m not diabetic. It’s the metformin combined with not having eaten enough today.
175994096,Awesome _AT_MENTION_!
175994097,Because they want hazard pay and sanitizer for corona.....
175994098,"Im not surprised, its easy to fall into that as a coping mechanism when youre not doing well"
175994099,Wow I’m so sorry to hear how u have struggled. The inconsistent psych and therapist treatment u are receiving definitely does not help! No wonder u still are fighting this disorder. U have survived 100% of ur worst days so far tho. Even attempts not to survive fail for u like they have me. My hope is therapist will stop making me feel helpless and hopeless by turning me away for treatment and that u find consistent help!!
175994100,"Yes that is what I mean. I kindve was joking, but at the same time that new show is kinda scary."
175994101,"Under treatment resistant panic disorder, one website said try the ssri’s etc, that you’ve tried, but start off at ½ regular dosage, and give it longer time to take effect. Another website (Psychiatrictimes.com., Treatment-Resistant Panic Disorder, November 27, 2017), said: “Switch to another antidepressant agent. Within-class switching may not be a high-yield intervention. However, switching to an agent with a different pharmacodynamic profile is a reasonable step. For example, one good option is imipramine, often overlooked because of its risk of cardiotoxicity in overdose; yet it is one of the most intensively studied antipanic agents available. MAOIs, also seldom used now, can be surprisingly helpful as well.” And, “Consider benzodiazepine monotherapy. While clinical guidelines tend to rank benzodiazepines as second- or third-line antipanic agents, this is primarily because of concerns about sedation, physiological dependence, psychological dependence, and the slight risk of benzodia
zepine abuse/diversion, especially with longer-term use. In fact, benzodiazepines are similarly effective to antidepressants for panic disorder, and their panicolytic benefit is almost always sustained over the long term."" So, we're back to where we were, and where you are now: benzos. I take one, Ativan, for a physical condition. I'd rather not, but It keeps me functioning."
175994102,Morning I slept the whole night. Still lil tired.
175994103,How far back do you remember not being accepted by your parents? Any example?
175994104,I have an appointment with my psychiatrist today. I'm excited to tell her I'm doing well finally
175994105,_PERSON_ Unsure. Sorry about your uncle. _PERSON_
175994106,Yes I did.
175994107,No I’m just having issues with my mom the past two days and I don’t feel good at all. I feel like I’m gonna have a freaking seizure I’ve never had a seizure before but I get like symptoms that you would get right before you have one and I’m scared I’ll because I’m dealing with my mom and stuff and it’s extremely stressful
175994108,"Minipuff: “And the whole dern bus is cheerin’, and I can’t believe I see. “A hundred yellow ribbons round the old…oak tree “I’m comin’ home.” Hear it on youtube.com Tie a Yellow Ribbon Minipuff takes on her demons. Read her account. Feel what she is feeling. See what she is seeing. Walk with her through her emotions as she climbs the highest mountain. Ride the bumpy road of her memories. What a journey. What a person. What a doctor you have. 5mg, twice a day, of the newly added anti-anxiety medicine, Buspar. To go along with the 60 mg. of Prozac, which treats depression and anxiety. This could work. And knowing that you could increase the Buspar, I'm thinking, I don't know. Or as _NAME_ put it in the Sound of Music: ""Climb ev'ry mountain ""_NAME_ ev'ry stream ""Follow ev'ry rainbow ""'Til you find your dream"" Hear it on youtube.com 1965. Climb Every Mountain"
175994109,Yay! You’re going to love it....it’s so fun I went to play mine but the battery in my tuner died...going to have to wait until I go to the store...I cannot tune by ear at all.
175994110,_NAME_ Glad to hear you had a good week Good luck for your trip let us know how you get on. HT Thanks mate _PERSON_
175994111,Guitar strings the other day...
175994112,"Nope, not today, at least not yet today"
175994113,No not at all. I think the distance is helping.
175994114,I dedicated this poetry book to my peer support specialist! I told her. She was so happy. I wanna thank geodon for keeping on my computer for 12 hours straight today!!!
175994115,"Had an appointment with my therapist today. Went well, she's glad I'm doing good. I asked where I can get the bloodwork done that my psych requested and she told me where. I've been there before but have no idea how to get there so my friend is gonna walk with me there since he knows the way. I'll probably try to get that done Friday or Monday."
175994116,"I understand your fear, I’ve been there"
175994117,I bought myself a new book for a reward for eating healthy the past week or so
175994118,"Was able to get an earlier appointment with my psychiatrist, for today. At least I'll have my meds all refilled and taken care of"
175994119,"Hmm...it’s strange right...I’ve used lexapro on and off for short time period for situational anxiety and the same mg dose worked for me each time ...the only diff this time is that this is my first time using generic instead of brand name... But I actually felt great immediately, I had almost no side effects so immediately thought generic was better but now recently I’m wondering if it’s just losing its effect. It’s only been 4 months so not sure. I thought meds lost their effect when it was long term. I hope you feel back to your great self soon! Keep me updated on what the doc says! Good luck! I’m here if you need to talk!"
174394002,Because I can't do things.. It's been this way since I was 12 when negative symptoms started.
175994120,"Just wanted to surprise him and make his day a little easier. Idk what I’m doing anymore. I was having a good day. Now, it’s just shyt."
175994121,The riot is ridiculous and to call is a protest unlike the Black Lives Matter “riots” shows how the media portray black people... **** the pigs and the media. Just my two cents on the issue... not trying to start anything...
175994122,"I can't wait for Friday!! I pre-ordered both pokemon games, but I didn't buy the dual pack (the one that gets you the gold backpack and two dynamax crystals). I'd rather save $20 on two separate games than save $10 on the dual pack. Plus, I'll replay the games eventually anyways because I always do, so the gold backpack would go to waste since I'll end up erasing the save file with it. Alsoooo, apparently Best Buy is opening @ 12:01am on Friday for the release of pokemon!! I'm not going to the opening since I pre-ordered the games and am having them shipped to my apartment. I don't feel like driving 2 mins down the road to Best Buy. meh."
175994123,Coughing still. Headache. Chills. Had other problems earlier. Hope this goes alway soon
175994124,Iced coffee
175994125,"Man, that’s got to suck. Hopefully your doctor can make things smoother for you somehow"
175994126,"Yeah I've been on cogentin. I was on it when I was on Haldol 10mg + Geodon 160mg. It didn't work then, but maybe it'll work now. I just took one."
175994127,"Help! I’m Having a really bad anxiety flare and have lost my appetite. I can’t think of any food that sounds like I want to eat it and have to force meals down. I’m thinking all day about the next meals and how hard it will be to eat. It’s happened before for a day or two, but now it’s about two weeks and I’m afraid I’m going to develop some kind of food phobia. I’m underweight and can’t skip meals or lose more. Any ideas?"
175994128,"This talk on ""Murder Hornets"" being spotted in North America for the ""First Time"" is dumb as $#%^ Before their name changed to the ""Murder Hornets"" tag, they were in news media last Fall being spotted for the ""First Time"" as Asian Giant Hornets. How many more First Times can they milk this for? Also, people need to stop sucking off sensationalism. The more people do it, the harder the spirit of news media gets, and the more it does stuff to get people to keep sucking."
175994129,"Good morning peeps. Hope you all are doing okay. Today is looking better than yesterday which was rough and anxiety-ridden. I woke up this morning only a little anxious and so far no delusional intrusions yet. I know they will come but it's nice to have a break from them this morning. I plan to distract myself with drawing and reading today and listening to lovely music. I actually feel kind of positive after yesterday. I have my pdoc appointment tomorrow and I'll talk with her about the delusions of course. We have been tinkering with my Olanzapine for awhile now--decreasing, increasing--and she may decide to increase it again. I think I'd rather do that than try something else because I know I can live with the side effects of what I'm already taking. I'd rather ""stick with the devil I know."" Yesterday I was reading posts in the social forums and was saddened to read that _PERSON_ died. I remember her from groups here. We were only acquainted but I'm bummed anyway. Our maintenance crew is doing 
plumbing work this morning and the water is off and will be so until noon so I may skip my shower today since I don't want to wait that long to get dressed. I'll try and post again this afternoon with an update. hang in there everyone _PERSON_"
175994130,"The doctor put me on a steroid inhaler and a regular inhaler to counter the hellacious cough I had. I think the steroids made me a little stronger physically, but they were also making me miserable emotionally. I’m going to cut out the steroid inhaler. The cough is much better now. Also, I figured out that it was the large amount of sugar I was consuming that was causing the cough. The sugar was inflaming my lungs. I’ll have to cut way down on the sugar."
175994131,"So I'm at the point now where when I'm going upstairs, I stuff everything I need from downstairs in my pockets."
175994132,"Yes I did. I didn't want to, but I did."
175994133,"Need to see my GP and get refills on my meds for GERD. And need to see my dentist, that's gonna suck"
175994134,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175994135,I never took an online test
175994136,"I went picked up one of my prescriptions, went for a drive, bit of grocery shopping, now I’m reading about Java (the programming language) to prepare for the course I have coming up. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175994137,"I'm so sorry. The best thing you can do is just let her know how much you love her every day, and help with taking her places and whatever she needs to do. I know that helpless feeling. When my best friend was sick I was very numb until after he passed away. The emotions came when I wasn't expecting them. I still miss him every day of my life."
175994138,I'm sorry _AT_MENTION_! I hope the klonopin helped!
175994139,"It’s good that you wrote in. You said, “My wife has always exhibited mild symptoms of bipolar disorder, but was never diagnosed, or even really thought about it.” As far as diagnosed, it sounds like she is bipolar, as I am. Mayoclinic.org says the symptoms of depression are: ""feel(ing) sad or hopeless and lose interest or pleasure in most activities."" ""When your mood shifts to mania or hypomania (less extreme than mania), you may feel euphoric, full of energy or unusually irritable. These mood swings can affect sleep, energy, activity, judgment, behavior and the ability to think clearly."" I inherited my bipolar from my mother’s mother. The way I came to find out my diagnosis was by talking to a lay counselor who knew my uncle and he said, “He was bipolar, and you probably are, too.” The psychiatrists I had seen missed it, since I had come in as depressed and they diagnosed me as depressed. Why they couldn’t ask me questions about possible mania, I don’t know. But when they dx yo
u wrong, they medicate you wrong. They can dx you as only depressed, give you anti-depressants, which can send you into mania. But with nothing to treat the mania (I take Lithium stabilizer for that and Mirtazapine anti-depressant), I had anxiety attacks. So it’s very important that the psy. knows about the mania if your wife goes in as depressed. Bipolar can start in teens or early 20s, net says. It can be very difficult to get a bipolar to see a psy. When I was manic, I couldn’t slow down enough to even think about that or what to do if I did think about it. When depressed, I didn’t feel like going to a psy. When did I go? When I was depressed. Why? Probably because my mother talked me into it. What would that be, intervention? Can you talk to her when she's depressed about this? It usually takes a family member, and you qualify. She won't trust an outsider. I would think you would also need the name of a psy. You can look up on the net search engine for: “psychiatrist for my hometown.” Write down 
a few names and phone numbers and pick one. You might want to call one or more local hospitals and ask them if they have a women’s health center. Ask them if they can recommend the name of a psychiatrist, and a therapist while you’re talking to them. Then see if she’ll go in just for a therapy session, then ask the therapist for the name of a psychiatrist. There are all kinds of medicines for this. My grandmother had bipolar but there were no medicines for that in the 1930's, 40's and early 1950's. So she lived some years in a state mental institution, 100 miles from home. So your wife is actually in a good situation, she just doesn’t know it. My grandmother would have given anything for medicine. She used to go into people’s medicine cabinets looking for a pill that would make her better. Your wife has the medicines available to her but won’t go to a psy. to get them. Several types of treatment are available and one of them is called cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) which this website, healingw
ell,com, advocates. Data for that on this forum (bipolar) can be found above the list of names of people, such as you, who have written in for suggestions. You might want to look at that. CBT is described as, “identifying unhealthy, negative beliefs and behaviors and replacing them with healthy, positive ones. CBT can help identify what triggers your bipolar episodes. You also learn effective strategies to manage stress and to cope with upsetting situations."" It’s a matter of trying to be positive about the problem, any problem, before you go into it so it can increase your chances of solving it by having a mindset that looks for a solution (positive) rather than a defeat (negative). Any negative will be in the unconscious so you won’t see it, which is why it is important that you believe going into the problem that you can solve it (positive thinking). If you go into the problem thinking, this is over my head, then it closes down your unconscious to deliberately not find a solution, cause your conscio
us told it to. But if you go into the same problem thinking you can solve it, it opens up your unconscious to look for a solution. Because you told it to. Your unconscious is waiting for orders."
175994140,Omg dude Thank you so much
175994141,"Really neat posts here, but I'm afraid I didn't explain it well. I just meant, to put it in simpler terms, what goes on in your head lol? The castle is the inner world or inner mind. So like if you were Buddhist, you inner world would be a mantras i.e. om mani padme hum recited over and over. If you're a maladaptive daydreamer, maybe your inner world is a recurring fantasy of being _NAME_ or Superman or something. Sorry about that. Good thread anyway."
175994142,I’m here...hugged both posts....you miss that with tapatalk I know but thanking seemed wrong.....
175994143,I haven't taken a Vyvanse in almost 24 hours. I'm gonna wait another 6-12 hours. My focus is really bad that I'm becoming crossed eyed. But nicotine gum is helping. I might read idk. I'm only happy if I allow myself to be happy. Reading that genius cynic philosophers posts wasn't a good idea - But I learned from it.
175994144,"Just idk. The man at the place was not too nice to us. Or me really. He seemed to kick it off great with my fiancé but when it came time to go over my credit score he said “so your credit isn’t goood? Ok. So your overextended in credit, and wanna keep extending?”. I was just like “...”I guess”. This is the fears I have and it has come true today. I mean I guess it wasn’t mean, but he didn’t really talk to me. He talked to fiancé even tho fiancé has no clue and even told me he has no clue about credit or how to hold a conversation about credit. _PERSON_ has walked into all these places and just said “hi we’d like to look at some of these places” I go in and say “hi, my name is . I emailed you regarding . Would you mind if we take a look around?” I’ve been taught my whole life to act cordial, professional and nice. I do that with everything I do. It comes natural. It’s how I was taught to do by my parents cuz they always dealt with high profile people."
175994145,"Oh, and it's kind of random, but I'm really craving some peanut sauce and noodles right now. I don't know why. But I am."
175994146,"All this isolation may be good for physical health, but it is definitely not for mental health."
175994147,Last thing I want to be is a Kpop star. Maybe the looks but there's a lot of ******** when signing into a record label and with a contract they basically own you. But I love kpop
175994148,And you're not an idiot!
175994149,"Which is why I’m going to be taking a break from the internet for a few weeks or until all this dies down , I’ll talk to you guys soon. Hope everyone has a good weekend"
175994150,I'm so sorry you lost your mom... That's such a painful thing to happen...
175994151,"Analogies aside, what are the differences between RAD children and ""psychopathic"" chidren? (psychopathic children don't exist, at my knowledge? But I seem to recall that some child is considered ""pre-psychopathic"")."
175994152,Update: Failed ? At least I learned
175994153,Maintenance is gonna do it today in like 15 minutes they said I’ll post pics after
175994154,That's awesome! Well done
175994155,I think I'm gonna spend a large part of tomorrow walking
175994156,What sucks is I need to lend my mom some money from my tax return/school rebate otherwise I could clear off a big chunk of debt. Boo.
175994157,Hope you feel better soon.
175994158,My anxiety has been so bad lately. I think it's from withdrawing from sugar in sweets.
175994159,"Went to the mall with my friend then out to eat. I got 20,500 steps in according to my Fitbit. OMG I'm worn out. I bought a few things but we did a lot of window shopping too which is always fun. I'm getting ideas for things I want to get for my apartment. Home relaxing now, just sprayed some cinnamon apple air freshener, it's really nice."
175994160,Glad to hear you had a good day Falcon.
175994161,Just looking to see how everyone is doing today May 7th 2020. I am just waiting for supper to cook hanging out with my dogs on the back porch. I have not been effected by this Coronavirus as I am a outdoors man. Love Nature and nothing seems to bother me right now. Do wish I could see family. How about everyone else. Are you doing okay anything you want to talk about. _NAME_
175994162,You have something akin to the perfect life. I'm copying it. Do you work? And why are you seeing a therapist?
175994163,"Sorry you had such a bad day yesterday. Hopefully today will be different. Our AC is a bit out of whack too, I think due to the brutal heat we're having. Try to look around your house for a great read. Make sure it's something positive!"
175994164,I took my Rx & also the supplements again.
175994165,Chicken nuggets
175994166,"I didnt do shyt today or yesterday, and I feel guilty about it."
175994167,I never got to sleep. I feel like crap and my head hurts like theres a clamp around it.
175994168,Give it a couple of days....this is my recommendation. Gives a chance for her to settle some of the chaos in her head. Oh...dx short for diagnosis. Thx for sharing a.b. may peace and strength be with you all. HT.
175994169,"Sorry to hear I know you were looking forward to them I just saw an oreo gingerbread house kit when I was at the pharmacy, it looked so good, I want to get one"
175994170,"We have inspections on Monday, I'm so nervous"
175994171,"How are you this morning OM, I am very well, chilling out in the sun in the garden. I put some after sun on for the smell baby"
174394067,Not feeling well this morning. My cat and I stayed in bed forever. It was comforting with her. But now I have to get up and start doing things.
175994172,"Made the decision to stop the seroquel. I generally don't mess with my meds myself but this is something I'm doing for my safety. The agitation last night was so severe I was having Possible trigger: severe impulsive urges to kill myself to stop it It was very concerning looking back at it and it's just not safe to continue taking that because I couldn't really control myself, and I don't want to hurt myself, I'm not depressed and certainly don't want to die. It was very bizarre and has gotten worse over the past week so I'm not risking it again. The other AP is the one controlling my psych symptoms anyway and my moodstabilizer and antidepressants as well so I think I'll be fine. I did leave a message with my doctor."
175994173,"I don’t see you as trash at all. And you’re kind, thank you for listening to me"
175994174,Good luck with your surgery.
175994175,I did last night. It felt good.
175994176,Chips and guacamole
175994177,Chicken Soup for the Soul: A Book of Christmas Miracles
174394071,"I can't have caffeine past 1pm or else it takes forever for me to go to bed. Also, caffeine releases dopamine to the brain, which is the cause of most of our schizophrenic sorrows."
175994178,"Hi _NAME_, Thank you so much for replying. Currently I'm not taking anything for the mania . I tried Lithium years ago and the Insomnia and stomach aches were so bad I went off it. When I got pregnant years ago (13 years to be exact) I had a major bipolar episode. The dr. gave me the option to either go on Seraquil (spelling?)or be hospitalized so I chose mediation. It helped with the mania, but made me so sedated that after 4 months and I gave birth to my son, I went off of it. I think I need a new dr. as well. I""m unhappy with the dr. I have now and have to be more proactive in finding a new one. Right now even getting out of bed and showering and taking care of my family is a huge task for me. Especially because my family is sick of me being ""sick"" and really doesn't understand my illness. I think they are tired of it all and just want me to snap out of it. They don't get how debilitating this disease is to live with."
175994179,"Rich, have you been in a car accident during heavy traffic lately, or at any point in your life?"
175994180,Tesco food shopping delivery today. Sent from my SM-G970F using Tapatalk
175994181,Any herbs? We got one that was frozen but herby and it was delish. My mom and sister get one that has some kind of spicy jam but I think hot honey would work well too. Maybe I’ll put that on the easily-attainable bucket list?
175994182,Definitely easier said than done. Not everyone is looking for or wants to make a new friend. So it can be isolating and discouraging to try. But thanks for the positive thoughts.
175994183,"I think it's more complicated than that. For myself, being alone is more of a need than a preference. When I'm with others, I feel disjointed, like I'm unraveling. It's hard to concentrate, much like trying to remember a number while some smartass shouts out random digits at you to make you forget. I can't focus. My mind feels sloppy. I'm not the most cognizant person in the world, but being around other people makes it worse. Getting away means I can regain my composure, feel more like me again, and be able to think. I think this helps create the illusion that being alone is more comfortable. Another reason is that I find most people boring, or at least not interesting or relatable enough to hold my attention, but I'm not sure if this isn't just a symptom of the discomfort they cause just by being in proximity."
175994184,Yes it was! I got to pet some llamas or whatever they are called over there.
175994185,Morning I have a headache. Either slight hangover or didnt get enough sleep.
175994186,"Watching the new Pokemon series, Pokemon Journeys on Netflix"
175994187,Food from _NAME_. Yesterday
175994188,You'll hear from them...
175994189,I thought maybe those feelings would come back and I waited and waited and it's been over a year and I haven't felt excited or happy like that ever since
175994190,I feel paranoid today. And I feel super vulnerable to anything/anyone being even remotely critical of me.
175994191,"Mine are very abusive, especially one of the main ones. Impossible to ignore. I'm praying for you, too."
175994192,True true true. I just feel out there and people automatically think 'psychotic? HOSPITAL!' I feel my mom would do that. Watch me like a hawk. I talk to my doctor on Monday and my therapist on... April 14th. We're not on like texting terms or anything. Sometimes I wonder why I still see her. Maybe I don't need her. Idk idk. I wish I could talk to my doctor right now. Rant to him save you guys the trouble.
175994193,I took my morning meds so far
175994194,"I burned 80 calories walking, not much but better than nothing I’m excited to get in better shape Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175994195,Hand washing is actually more effective than sanitizer......
175994196,I told my bf after like three dates but I didn’t say I have bipolar with psychosis so much as sometimes I hear voices and I take meds for that....people don’t like the clinical terms I don’t think. People who are going to run will run no matter how long you wait imo. Some people I told before even going on a date...never had any issues.
175994197,"The gum works really well but I like the nicotine spray better because I can get 4mg straight to my brains. I buy the 4mg nicotine gum instead of the 2mg. Remember, once you feel satisfied, there's no need to chew another gum for at least 45 minutes to 4 hours because you don't get high from nicotine.. it's just from the withdrawal of the previous hit of nicotine. It takes 3 days for the nicotine to completely leave the system and then 7 days for the tolerance to go away. Then you feel like you're on nicotine all the time. I just haven't quit the nicotine because I don't feel like going through that process of withdrawing because I love nicotine but I will soon. Then I won't be using nicotine at all. I'm definitely NEVER smoking cigarettes again."
175994198,How did you escape it?
175994199,"Me new Wellbutrin dose/bottle says to take one 200mg tablet twice a day??? That can't be right since I was on 150mg and went up to just 200mg, that would total 400mg"
175994200,Cognitive Symptoms of Schizophrenia - YouTube
175994201,"I have done EMDR with 2 different therapists. It didn't work for me for quite some time, but about 2 months ago I did a session focusing on something that got me quite emotional (regarding expectations of me as a child that were beyond my age), I cried, which I normally don't do in therapy sessions. That night I had dreams of removing myself from harmful situations from my past. It was actually really great. I've noticed an improvement around some things that I am usually very anxious about . I'm certainly not ""cured"" of anxiety, but I feel I had a good breakthrough in that particular session. I will say that in some EMDR sessions, I became more upset afterwards and in others, I didn't feel anything either way. I think the effectiveness of EMDR really depends on the practitioner and the memory you choose to focus/work on."
175994202,Got the money from the phone people!
175994203,"I posted a couple weeks ago about my low WBC (was only very mildly low by .4 outside the normal range). I had a follow up Zoom call with the doctor and she was completely un-phased by it and does not want to retest at all because everything else was within normal limits. I just can’t seem to shake this anxiety about it, regardless that I got the “all clear” from my doctor. I find myself obsessively and compulsively checking lymph nodes and just still so freaked out. The acute stress and panic from it has also made me lose my appetite and increased my IBS-D which is annoying ?. But I also have no one else to blame but myself because I’m eating my trigger foods. The funny thing is about my trigger foods is they sometimes irritate my stomach, and sometimes are fine so it’s hard to keep up. I’m exhausted from being so scared all the time."
175994204,It has been a long time since I was on this site and it was most helpful. I had started cipralex and was worried about the medication. I have been on it 2 years and it has been good for me but I am ready to wean off. There was someone who had successfully weaned off with little to no bad effects and had told his recipe for weaning off- I kept it but somehow it has disappeared. Wondering if you might have it in your site's history. Thanks very much.
175994205,And I mean my extended family. Not like my mom and dad and sis
175994206,"I slept an hour in my bed then like 30 minutes on the couch then back in my bed for 30 minutes then back on the couch for an hour, that's pretty much all the sleep I got. I spent most of the night up coughing"
175994207,Off to work now. I'll be reading after work or might do an online course cuz it's cloudy outside - Not nice to sit outside on the lawn chair and listen to podcasts. Just waiting for a sunny day.. It's suppose to be in the 90's (F) next week again. Nice!
175994208,"I'm going to try to do better about wearing clean clothes. Today I got a shower and washed my hair and everything I put on was clean. I feel so refreshed. Usually I just wear the same pants (jeans) for like a week, week and a half. And the same undershirt for like a week. Stuff like that. I need to change my clothes more often. Sometimes I sleep in my clothes too."
175994209,HUGS _AT_MENTION_ Tripper
175994210,Could they give you Cogentin? It's for akathasia. Benzos wont work for it.
175994211,"So, like again, I'm thinking of breaking it off with Pastor _PERSON_. I just don't know what to tell him in the email. I want to not see him anymore, I think. It doesn't seem like our goals align. What do I say?"
175994212,"Ugh. No. Not today. I had every intention to and then just didn't. I had a migraine and it was trash day which taking out the trash is my job and when I have to do that before work it always takes up some of my getting ready time. So, nope, not today."
175994213,"My I ask your score and how you interprete it? I rated myself, too, today, and I am currently estimating 72 points and for 2019, 104."
175994214,I can't make decisions. A friend messaged me about the mayan calendar and asked why I find it scary. I then bought a book on the mayan civilization because I loved my 3 weeks in Guatemala and want to move there for a while or something. Then I decided to go for a hike but didn't really feel like it so I went for a walk while listening to a podcast which scares me to buy a coke. Then I walked back half way cuz people would judge me for not social distancing. Now I'm back home trying to organize my mind. What's wrong with me?
175994215,Yeah COVID is like a sledgehammer even if you never get it....
175994216,Sorry to hear about that
175994217,"Hello All, I have a unique situation here. And it's scifi'ish. I have been in a fight with 3 people for the last 5 months. I know it sounds out there but I journal'_NAME_ the last 5 months and have it below. I have no idea how to get out of the situation. Here's the journal: Welcome to my little story that will shock you to know is 100% true. Even if you could travel back in time to 5 months ago (September 4th 2019) and told me what was about to happen, I probably would have thought you were pitching me some scifi movie or something. ? So where to begin? First, I want to mention I have several recordings of the 3 people who have been causing me my living nightmare. You can check out the recordings now or read on. The recordings are found at My Living Nightmare - Tormentors chatting by _NAME_ | Free Listening on SoundCloud ? As for my living nightmare, it begins here. There is SO much to tell with this whole mess. Now, I am not on this little adventure alone. I have a cast of 3 others who started me 
on all this. The leader who lives at the above address is a older gentleman of 52 years old who goes by the call sign ""Mr _PERSON_!"" (or _NAME_ is his real name) to try to sound authoritative and said in a low evil/mean sounding tone. The two others are ""Mr _PERSON_"" helpers and go by ""Mr _NAME_"" and ""Miss _NAME_"". Though you can never know their real names since they always changed them. ? Now let’s get to the meat of the story. This all began back on September 4th 2019. The very first of it I don't have complete memory of so the exact start time is left to a journal I wrote at the time. Little did I know much more would be happening over the following months. ? The 3 of them first began contacting me a bit similar to when I channel spirit. Yes, I can speak to ghosts. I just don’t normally broadcast it. So anyway, I just simply assumed they were another spirit looking for some kind of help since all I could hear was a voice from Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_. Boy was I wrong. I would later learn one 
of them is a tech wizard (Mr _NAME_) of sorts and built his own subsonic radio frequency emitters and had approximately 6 of them. And another has the knowledge of hypnosis. ? Along with the use of these emitters was the use of hypnosis. They had me believing some pretty crazy crap. First was the bulge in my stomach. They had me believing that it was full of methane and was about to break open. And that any spark or flame (such as the heater) would spark off an explosion. So they had me go outside. Scared I took Puppy my stuffed dog with me. So there I was sitting on the front lawn sitting in the grass with my stuffed dog Puppy while. They used many voices to talk to me. Mr _PERSON_, Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_ all would change their voices when running a new Psy-Op (Psychological Operation) as they called it. So while sitting on the lawn at 10:30 at night I suddenly hear the voice of my long time friend. He said he’d been out of touch because he’s been working on a military operation and couldn’t tell me
. But he told me because of the bulge in my stomach rupturing he would have to nuke _PERSON_ to cover up the talking to me as well as the bulge situation. I listened to him give the order and heard “missile away”. So thinking this was all true I sat freaking out waiting to be blown away in a nuclear explosion. It was quite convincing. ? Then the next contact with Mr _PERSON_ was right up my alley. When the nuclear bomb to kill me didn’t hit I went inside upset by the whole ordeal. I sat down against the wall in the hallway. I must have passed out because next thing I know I am laying on my back looking up without the ability to get up. I laid there while somehow projected on my ceiling was a projection of ships in space escaping earth for other galaxies mentioned in the popular show Stargate SG1. I could clearly see them on the ceiling and had the audio of them talking. Freaked me out. I have never seen technology like this in my life and had no idea how they were doing it. ? Then the projection widened
. I was supposed to be left in some volcano for millions of years as a symbiote (from the SG1 show) and was carved out in slices by layers all the while trying to race the clock of the rising lava burning me up. The hypnosis was very good as I felt it all including the painful parts. Oh, I can't forget the part where I was among the fish in the ocean. That was very cool looking back. But at the time, like the other psy-op’s, it freaked me out! I thought I was going crazy. The next sim had me involved in the California 10.0 earthquake that scientists have been saying was coming forever. Of course I just happen to be on the crack itself. I felt the floor crack right under me somehow. Then flames were projected. I was told to grab the string of an apron as it was the DNA of my family. Mid hypnosis I have this string in my hand holding tightly. Finally I was mentally aware again and was finally able to move and get up and go to my room. Once again freaked the hell out. Who are these people?! And why me of all p
eople?!?! ? By this time I began having the ability to physically see energy (exposure to the high RF of the imitters). This was the evening Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_ decided to play as if they were stranded from another dimension. That they somehow came from a portal above my bed. This psy-op was mostly fun. We ended up Adult Baby role playing and bonded. They wanted to become my Adult Baby parents and stay. But they said they needed to go home and wanted my help somehow to get back through the portal. ? I wasn't sure how to help them as I didn't feel any special power at the time. It wasn't till later I would learn how to tap into it. But after a tear felt goodbye they went back through the portal. Or so I thought. All they really did was go back upstairs. ? The next psy-op was they had me convinced that they were really from the LHC and that the lasers at LHC had accidently targeted me and they couldn't turn them off unless they ripped the CPU boards out of the targeting system computers. Meanwhile, appare
ntly of all things, my AB Mommy had been working there and kept it a secret from me. She said it had to be kept secret from me that she worked there. She excused herself from her co-workers and went to the bathroom and explained things to me. Then she went back into the room and explained to her coworkers that one of the targeting lasers have locked onto me and that we need to figure out how to disable the laser. Before we could do this, in the simulation, she was pulled to the compressor of the refrigerator. She screamed she couldn’t move away. The coworkers were trying to deal with the laser. Both her and I were yelling for them to pull out the control boards for the targeting lasers. We managed to get the laser to stop firing only for another to come online at another facility. Over the phone we were both yelling at the other facilities to look at their monitors. That it was picking up brain scans showing we were being targeted. That to shut off the laser they had to pull the control boards. Suddenly she 
heard a loud crash outside. While outside my window and up on the second floor they had a speaker on the window cill. They were playing sounds from a laptop to make the simulation/psy-op sound more real. I was hearing the crashing sounds now too. Miss _NAME_ was telling me the lasers were creating a magnetic field that was pulling down satellites from space. Crash, crash, crash. Suddenly Miss _NAME_ began yelling that we (myself and her) had somehow gotten attached to each other magnetically and using Far Sight (Seeing in the distance with eyes closed) I could see her fly through her plate glass window of her office and a projection of her sliding down the road of a busy city as her clothes are being torn off her body while screaming for help. Then she yells for me to stop watching so I open my eyes. This, like the others would be what Mr _PERSON_ called ""psyop's"" when they saw how I would react to each situation they came up with. Pissed me off to find that all out down the line. Made me feel like a fool. 
? Next came the training. But the training was actually testing to see how well I could do the tasks compared to them. Tests such as looking at pictures layered on each other and I had to guess how many layers were there. They were pictures of an overhead view of residential houses. Several blocks of them. Mr _PERSON_ would stack them several layers thick and would change it up each time. I had about a 80% success rate on guessing how many layers were there. ? There was another test. Looking into my tv that was off which I was later warned not to do. I would find out much later that Mr _PERSON_ had a wireless baby monitor with a camera that happened to be on a similar frequency as the brain. When I concentrate with my eyes on the TV I could somehow see through the lense of the camera to their upstairs bedroom. Imagine my shock at seeing the upstairs bedroom with a near identical layout to my bedroom downstairs. They also did hypnosis by spinning a part of the _NAME_ of the eye where you had to wait for the tw
o circles to get close together and a symbol would appear and though would focus the _NAME_ of the eye. Then Mr _PERSON_ would speak a word 4 times (in my case). At the time I was simply told it was a test. I wasn't aware I was being hypnotized. ? But Mr _PERSON_ has multiple personalities he played during the ""psych-ops"". He had one called ""the General"" who was supposed to be a 4 star General of the US Army in charge of the whole program I got wrapped into. I had a bit of an attachment to him to be honest. The General would call me his cadet. ? It was Mr _NAME_ personality of ""Mr HI"" that scared me. The voice came across in a demonic tone. He was supposed to be a demon from hell. Mr HI and the ""General"" kept me hopping. At the time I thought these were all real people. I didn't know any of the 3 (Mr _PERSON_, Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_) were changing their voice. ? One night the General had me do what used to be called ""drop and pick up"". Boy, this is embarrassing. When I was a kid I was a teen baby
. Someone who would role play as a baby or young toddler. Anyway I would ride my bike to park bathrooms and such and would drop my pants to my ankles revealing my diaper in the bathroom stall for 1-2 minutes. ? While I never did it in front of anyone (the bathroom was empty), the sheer slim chance of being seen somehow in a diaper was a rush. The crazy things some kids do. So the General ordered me to do it in my bedroom I guess to break me out of something I already have stopped doing. ? The next part that comes to memory is when General makes an appearance. See, the next psyop is my death. The story this time was that they were the Illuminati who live in the basement underground of the Luxor hotel in Las Vegas. ? What he said they did was find souls like me to kill and capture in a special ghost trap that traps the soul and then take them to Luxor and thrown into the light which the soul is slowly consumed to power their location. _PERSON_, it's a bit of a stretch until they keep throwing out details. ? One
s who decided to go willingly would go with V (Miss _NAME_). V apparently was the main operator of the Luxor underground. But because most resisted first like me, you would have to go do your punishment involving your worst fears first. ? In my case, being a adult baby, I was to be reduced to a fetus kept in a bag of fluid breathing through a tube till V felt I was ready to be ""born again dear"" she would say. She’s the dominatrix type. Then I would be kept in a crib with a cage like top in the pitch black to I guess cure me of my fear of the dark. ? Back to the story at hand. So with _PERSON_ in mind, Mr _PERSON_ was supposed to be the key person being tracked down by the government for what he could do. He got in his truck and attempted to run but was caught. He was taken into a white box truck according to him telling me. He was then frozen for the trip back to Luxor where he could be thawed and reanimated somehow. ? There was a catch however. The other voices played by Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_ in this 
psyop found out that due to the contact with the radio frequency that our breathing and throat was somehow connected. So in the _NAME_ (really his apartment) he put a tube down his throat into his lungs and filled his lungs with some water. When I would take a drink of soda he would claim it was going in his throat and that it was going into his lungs and drowning him to death to get me to stop drinking anything at that time. ? After a few hours of back and forth trying to get me to give up and come outside so they could take me to Luxor the so called two men in the truck hold him so V can shoot him in the head and put him in a ghost trap to throw into the light of Luxor. ? With all this going on V had to make her big appearance. She came into my room as the energy of the devil’s wife. Saying she controls the cops and if I didn't come out she would send the cops in to kill me. That I was the son of God and she was the devil’s wife and wanted her war. That she wanted the codes to all the world’s nuclear 
bombs. Of course, real or not, I refused. But at the time, who else could talk using telepathy? I didn't yet know about the radio frequency emitters. ? In the end, by evening, due to all the stress I became highly suicidal. I attempted to take my life by downing a bottle of muscle relaxers. I was up at night with my ankles and calves in spasm. Then I took a bottle of antidepressants. Nothing happened. Still alive. ? The next evening things took a turn for the worst when I got desperate for peace from all the psy-ops and their voices in my head and downed my bottle of painkillers. I don't remember a whole lot of the incident. From what I was told I passed out in my chair and my mom found me. Pulled me to the floor and seeing I wasn't breathing she began chest compresses while waiting for the ambulance. I woke up first in the ambulance of all places to a man yelling at me to say my name ""Hey! Can you hear me? What's your name!?"". I passed back out soon after he stopped talking. I woke up again in the ER to th
e feeling of people cutting my clothing off my body before passing out once again soon after. ? I woke up next in the ICU hooked up to a IV drip of Nican to reverse the overdose. Not only did the overdose effect my heart but the _PERSON_ hurt. It took around 6 hours or so to reverse the overdose. Then I was transferred to a room to recover. ? Once in the room the 3 went back to attacking me. Telling me I needed to be in restraints as if they were in the hall talking. They would make it seem like they had access to the ceiling crawl space. Oh and the good one, _PERSON_ claimed her dad owned the hospital and this was their ward. My roommate of course just happened to be Mr _PERSON_. Though it was just his voice on the other side of the curtain. ? After about a week of the activity from them I left the hospital AMA. I was told by the 3 not to return home, that I wasn't welcome home anymore. I managed to make it halfway home on foot before my body was too weak to walk and I laid down on a sidewalk outside a bank. 
? With my phone on a sliver of battery I managed to call home to my mom and ask for a ride home. I got home to find my room in _USER_ID_. Not only was every pill bottle in my room gone, my mom claimed the EMT's came in and took them all. ? Even the ones from my file cabinet were missing. How would the EMT's even know I had anything like that in there? My guess is in all the confusion that one of the 3 dressed up like a EMT to gain access to my room. But honestly, only Mr _PERSON_ and his group knows the truth. Not that claiming to have my meds goes very far I guess. I personally don’t know what is really true. But my gut tells me they had a hand in the missing meds since the 3 places I kept meds was all empty. _PERSON_’s would have simply grabbed what was in sight. ? On top of that the computer was in sections on the floor, none of the lamps worked except for the closet light. There was furniture in my crib and the floor was covered in papers, clothing and such. It took the better part of two hours to get 
it cleaned up enough and to get my computer back online. ? As the evening went on the 3 started to get going. They claimed to have taken over my mom's friend who was claiming he would beat up my mom and her boyfriend as well as set the house on fire. Every time I checked all seemed well in the living room. I just didn’t know what E and his group was capable of. ? I soon figured it out but not before my mom said she wanted me to go to the hospital for another psych evaluation because I made the mistake of talking to the 3 out loud. So we went over and they decided to admit me. I spent 3 days in the psych ward only to be sent back home. The whole time E was trying to make me freak out as the room I got was similar a bit to a solitary room. Once home from Mercy, things continued with Mr _PERSON_ and his team. I needed to go food shopping so that night I hit the Winco food store. Miss _NAME_ and Mr _NAME_ were telling me what to buy. We got some snack foods, some salad, some lil smokies, some potato salad and a 
few other odds and ends. I got home for them to tell me it was all stuff they hated and that it was a psy-op to see if I would really buy it. That they could taste it all and couldn’t stand it. I ended up giving it away to my roommates so I wouldn’t be shocked anymore. Angry I asked Miss _NAME_ what she really liked to eat. She said veggies. So the next morning off I went to Safeway. In the veggies area every veggie I liked she hated. We finally settled on broccoli and grapes. That she was fine with, or so I thought. Later I would find out in truth she doesn’t like veggies much. I ate the 6 bags of steam in bag broccoli and grapes anyway. A few days go by and once again Mr _PERSON_ and the group is back. They are shocking me over the music. One of my cats jumps up for attention. Miss _NAME_ claims she hates cats and is afraid of them and to push them off the arm of my chair. I refuse as it’s the cats house too. That’s when Mr _PERSON_ threatens to kill the cat via laser if I don’t push it down. I 
thought he was bluffing. He wasn’t. Next thing I know _NAME_ falls into my lap and begins seizing. The seizure lasted for a good 30 seconds before he lay limp in my lap. Thankfully shortly after he was able to get up and walk off. I was very angry and cussed him out calling him an animal abuser. He claims he didn’t mean it, that it was an accident. Only he really knows. Angry I got out my pellet gun and shot a round up through my ceiling in Miss _PERSON_’s direction using Far Sight. I barely missed her foot as she jumped back in surprise. To really scare them, and was a mistake was to make a fake bomb. I got out a box and set it on the floor in front of my recliner. All the while I am being as serious as I can to sell the story. I grabbed 6 can’s of PC compressed air cans and laid them in the box and took 3 diapers and tucked them between cans to make it seem like kindling to make the can’s explode. I had Mr _PERSON_’s team quite concerned. I just didn’t expect the actual outcome. My mom came in
to the room and saw the box. She asked what was inside and opened it. She felt it was a bomb and took it to her room to get it away from me. Later that night my bedroom door flies open and I have a shotgun and 5 hand guns pointed at me by the city police for a bomb threat. Two officers each grabbed an arm while one grabbed me by my hair and threw me to the floor. My hands were handcuffed. One problem, I can’t get up from the floor very easy due to my back. So they had to call the fire department to put me on a lift tarp to turn me over and carry me out to the ambulance. Yes, it was embarrassing. But they threw me to the floor by my hair, so I sort of saw it as fair. I was admitted to the psych ward for 3 days for wanting to blow up my building. Guess I bluffed out Mr _PERSON_’s and his group a bit too well. I had to explain it was just compressed air and I never was going to light it. Not easy to explain. But I was honest. Ended up on anti-psychotics to make the “voices” stop. Small price to pay to ju
st get out of the hospital. Another afternoon I returned to the hospital in another ambulance. Mr _PERSON_’s team accidentally caused a seizure. I was taking out trash to the car when I rounded the trunk to suddenly pass out. My mom saw me out the window seizing. I woke up in the ER with my whole body wracked with pain. I was sure I had just been in a car accident. My mom was there and I asked her how bad the car accident was. She explained that it was a seizure. I was confused since although my dad has had them since childhood, I had never once had one. I was all cut up from falling to the ground and seizing. I got a brain scan and then was eventually sent home. A few more days pass and it’s more psy-op attempts. This time it’s a _NAME_ Nuys Psychiatric Hospital visit for group therapy. In this psy-op I am in my chair with my eyes closed. I could see this room with several chairs in a circle. In the group it was a few kids from the old unit and staff. In the group we were clearing the air. This one I c
ried over quite a bit. I addressed what at the time I thought was maybe a memory. I was talking to the staff about how I was treated all those years ago (1996). About my spinal injury, being locked in solitary overnight and so on. They were each explaining their side and said sorry. It was quite emotional even if it was fake. It helped with my PTSD of all things. So for that simulation I am grateful. However then it was back to shocks and voice contact. I broke down again and decided to overdose again. This time on Baclofen. After about 25 minutes I was passed out. I woke up 10 days later in the ICU. Apparently I took so much Baclofen that it impared my breathing and I had to be on a breathing machine for those days. The doctor was saying if I survived I would have 40% brain damage. But I came out of it with no impairments. Accept for being tired all the time. I spent three more days in the ICU and of course Mr _PERSON_ and his group was in contact. They were running one psy-op while there and I have no idea 
how it was done. All I can think of is they got the projector running again. First was the _NAME_ (Home | Channeling _NAME_Â®) blog psy-op. As some know I follow the Channeling _NAME_ blog. _NAME_ has visited blog members in the past. Anyway, Mr _PERSON_ and his group wanted me to believe _NAME_ had come to the hospital to warn me of a flood. Mr _PERSON_ got the projector to show ocean water coming over a local mountain out my window and flooding the area of Redding CA. Freaked me out. Then the hospital staff moved me to a different ICU room. I woke up later that night to find the entire ICU unit walls were covered in plywood panels. I could even smell the wood. It was strong. Mr _PERSON_ was supposed to be just out of sight. He kept saying he wanted me to be his baby sister. That I had to wear a dress when we played. I kept saying no, that I was a baby boy when I role played. Then he said the room, just out of sight, was a solitary room I was going to be locked in. NOOOOOOOOO. I kept trying to slide down t
he bed to stand but then a staff member would come in and pull me back into bed. Then it was onto the catheter. Miss _PERSON_ would keep saying they were going to take out my catheter, but by ripping it out. Without deflating the balloon they wanted to just pull it out. I wasn’t fully aware of the location of Mr _PERSON_’s team but every time someone came into my room I held on to the catheter. I can look back and laugh now, but back then it was a concern. Finally after 3 more days of physical therapy I was able to stand under my own power again. I was moved to the psychiatric ward once I could walk. I walked into my room to hear E’s voice. He made it seem like he was in group therapy and had control over the unit. Oh lord. A few days of contact goes by. Then the projector is put back into use. Above me in bed I see ships coming for earth. Using my hands I made them explode. It was intense but a bit fun too. It seemed so real. Who are these people (Mr _PERSON_ and his group)? After 15 minutes or so I we
nt into the hall as the aliens made it to earth and were coming to kill me. I sat in the hall waiting for them to come get me. I mean, if it was even true I was a sitting duck in a locked ward. Then I hear Mr _PERSON_ from down the hall in the dining room. He was choaking from a supposed demon choking him. I wanted to go look and confirm but the demon voice (Mr _NAME_) kept telling me he would kill him if I came down the hall. Miss _PERSON_ was trying to talk to the demon begging him to let Mr _PERSON_ go. I was so freaked out the nurse sedated me. A week goes by with more contact. Mr _PERSON_ would make requests day and night to do things. Move here, put that there, and so on. And you always have to answer “Yes Mr E” or be shocked for not doing the request. I wake up to a police officer standing over my bed. Seems I am being given a restraining order. I had been sedated for the night so I was barely able to stay awake to listen. I passed out and woke up the next morning to find the paperwork on my nights
tand. I read the paperworking saying I was no longer allowed at my home or my mom’s car. Apparently because I wasn’t on the rental agreement my mom who I rented a room from was forced to make me move. And the manager wouldn’t let her stay unless she got a restraining order against me. I guess for the whole compressed air in the box fake bomb thing I did to scare Mr _PERSON_’s group. So now I am homeless. I fell into a deep depression. I spent another 12 days at the hospital’s psych ward until housing could be found. A place called Crisis Residential and Recovery Center. A 30 day program made for people suffering mental health related crisis’s. I was transferred there pending help finding housing. Every day E’s group continued contact. Requests to do this or that. Shocks for defying him. When I tried to sleep without permission from Mr E I was shocked repeatedly till I stopped trying to sleep. I made it a total of 12 days before I broke down. I went to my therapist and explained I was suicidal. O
nce again I was taken back to the ER on a psychiatric hold. I was held there for 3 days till a bed was found at St _NAME_'s down toward Sacramento. Of course I just had to be in range of Mr _PERSON_’s lasers. More of the same during the stay. I stayed there for 15 days before being released. I was taken back to Redding by transport and I got a motel room for two days. I wanted to decompress from the hospital stay before dealing with life again. So I got a room at a local Motel 6. After two days my mom was over to take me to the Mission as a place to stay. We got over there for lunch. Lunch was good but a bit spicy. Then we talked to the guy running it getting the rundown on how the homeless were handled. You could come for meals but couldn’t hang around the property. You had to be gone till bedtime at 7pm and up for the day at 5am. It was a safe place to sleep if I had stayed. I was so overwhelmed by the situation that I became suicidal just to end it. Having adjustment disorder as one of my mental illnes
ses I just couldn’t handle it. I ended up having my mom drop me off at the hospital. Within a day I was back in the hospital. But not just any hospital, _NAME_ of Santa _NAME_. It was full circle. _NAME_ was the company that owns Charter Oak Hospital in Covina that started the PTSD. Now I am back. I was scared shitless. I got the fear in my mind that it would happen all over again. And for some of the stay it did. During the stay I ended up in solitary 3 times (just like in 1990). And because of my self injury (cutting) the doctor ordered, of all things, Thorazine. 7 people approached my room, came in, held me down and injected me. Just like I was 16 all over again at _NAME_ Nuys Psychiatric in _NAME_ Nuys. To add to it all of course Mr _PERSON_ is doing his thing. Telling me when to sleep, how to lay in bed, how much food to eat, what to eat and such. And then I call home to learn my mom found my cats a place to stay on a piece of property. I would never see them again. Now Mr _PERSON_ and his group is the 
cause of not just me losing my place, but losing my two cats. AHHHHHHH. I self injured again that night anyway. After 23 days or so (I lost count) I was released. I was broken. My past was brought back and my home and pets were gone. I told the psychiatrist straight up that when I got out I was going to kill myself. He didn’t believe me. 3 days later I was released to go home. I knew exactly what I was going to do. I got my medications picked up and headed for motel 6 with one goal in mind, to die. I only got a weeks supply of my meds so it wasn’t the amount I was aiming for. Soon the sun was setting. It was time. The same lighting condition of the solitary room when I was 16 that I was locked in. I took the Lithium and Celexa. I passed out about a half hour later. This was it, no one to come and walk in on me. But once again I woke up. As some might know who takes it, Lithium is a salt. I got the runs very badly. One time not making it and filling my pants. Gross I know. But it happened. Mr _PERSON_ stil
l had his hooks in me. Shocks came when trying to sleep without permission. Making comments about my condition and such. I was just sick with severe diarrhea. Well, that’s not a fool proof way to die is it. Check, don’t do that again. Two days later and 4 Gatorade’s later my mom shows up about my car. It’s costing too much to keep the car in storage. It needs 1700 dollars worth of work before I can get it smogged. So we took it to pick and pull and only got 50 bucks from it. Well 47 because of some “trash” left in it. It hurt. I have had that minivan since _NAME_ and DJ were around. We bought it together and paid it off. I couldn’t help but cry and be in anger at yet another thing I lost due to Mr _PERSON_. I just couldn’t afford to keep it in storage anymore. Another day at the motel and then I was on the streets. My mom helped me run some errands giving me a ride to the stores to get what I needed. I have a backpack with two changes of clothes, Puppy my stuffed puppy dog and a few odds and e
nds. She finally dropped me off at the local library so I could use their wifi till dinner. I made it 10 minutes before I left the library. I walked around the block not knowing where to go or what to do with myself. I decided forget it, I was going to confront Mr _PERSON_, Mr _NAME_ and Miss _NAME_ once and for all. I set out on my way walking toward my mom’s house since Mr _PERSON_ lived next door. I knew I wasn’t supposed to go there, but I didn’t care. The walk of over 20 blocks about killed me. My heart pounding as I walked. I finally made it a block away from Mr _PERSON_’s house when my mom called to ask how I was. I was honest and said I was looking at the building’s laundry room and was going to confront Mr _PERSON_. Next thing I see is her walking out to the car and picks me up about 300 feet from Mr _PERSON_’s door. Of course she was angry. She was mad I walked there and put her housing at risk. I told her once again about Mr _PERSON_ and that for her to take me to the hospital. So she d
rove me to Mercy Medical Center where I was checked in for a mental health hold as I was once again suicidal. Two days later I get a surprise visit. One was a psychiatrist and one was a county guardian. Seems due to the whole mental health crisis with Mr _PERSON_ and his group and the suicide attempts they want to see if I qualify to be conserved making someone else in charge of all my decisions. At the end of the talk I get handed a temporary court order of conservation while the court decides. That all happened at the end of February 2020. I spent another 17 days in the ER waiting for placement. All the hospitals that had openings were for danger to self or other. Since I was only gravely disabled due to not being able to find housing I just sat in the ER. Finally I get a visit from the directory of the CRRC (Crisis Residential and Recovery Center). I am invited to return for their 30 day mental health program. According to my care plan it’s two groups a day at the center, and one group with the Star team 
which is in charge of my case. The up side is I got my own room instead of being in the rooms with 3 other guys. It helps since I am a shy person and isolate a lot. Of course Mr _PERSON_ and the group continues to be involved. Although it was nice to see Mr _PERSON_ break down. He actually handed control of the program over to me till I broke down. Then Miss _NAME_ had it. Then Mr _NAME_. And Mr _NAME_ gave it back to Mr _PERSON_. My turn, my turn. We will see. On March 11th 2020 I was in bed and began smelling burning plastic. Turns out Mr _PERSON_’s primary laser was catching fire and melting the handle of the device. It would only fire the targeting laser, a second device mounted to the main laser. As luck would have it, on March 12th 2020 they would go to walmart for a DVD player so they could take it apart to get to the laser to make a new firing laser. I spent some of the night last night being shocked on the right ankle and right knee. On March 13 we went to nuclear war, so to speak. I posted this bo
ok online and jammed some music and that was the trigger. He deleted my most treasured e-mails today. Now I am out for blood. We will see what he can handle now that the kid gloves are off. And that’s it of Mr _PERSON_ and his group story as of March 13th 2020. _NAME_"
175994218,"Definitely bake some brownies, they fix everything ?"
175994219,Rwmember your coping skills and deploy them. Keep ?. HT
175994220,I'm always thinking about that too
175994221,"I made peanut butter fudge for the first time tonight I love cooking, it relaxes me. And I like when I make something that turns out well, and I can share it with people. I'll be giving some to my sister on the weekend"
175994222,"My doctor when I was sick gave me a prescription for 500 mg Vitamin C tablets, she said I could take them even when I'm not sick if I want to help my immune system during this season. I still have a full giant bottle so I've been taking one every day. My sister is going to do some grocery shopping for me tomorrow since I don't want to use public transit with this going on. I have a list of suggestions for shelf stable food supplies from the apartment complex"
175994223,A couple of my packages are out for delivery
175994224,"I am a parent of a 20 year old child who was forcibly taken to the ER and admitted to the psyche ward. Apparently, he was diagnosed with a drug induced psychosis....where do I go for advice? We have no idea what to do or who to turn to."
175994225,skip work and stalk the celebs that is in the movie being made across the street.
175994226,I appreciate it.
175994227,"Negative: Towards the end of the day I started to listen divert to negative ideas, then I turned on nine inch nails, and that added to my negative mood, then My coworker turned up him music so loud, on the third floor that , on the 1st floor, couldn't listen to my headphones. I shouted, ""Can you hear it?"" but it was so loud he couldn't hear me, and if I hsaid anything I would have said it wrong, so I just sucked it up and left. I was pretty hard on myself today. Positive: I heard some great lectures on _PERSON_, and also Romanticism. I have a MS Word app on my phone and noted some book ideas down."
175994228,"Ew God, I almost died from xanax withdrawal!!"
175994229,"Turkey sandwich, about to make some green tea"
175994230,"So you got your anxiety from your father. That’s good to know. I got my bipolar from my mother’s mother and it took about 10 years before psychiatrists diagnosed me right. Because I told them. The only way I found out was, I was talking on the phone to a lay counselor about my difficulties and he said, “I knew your uncle. He was manic-depressive and you probably are too.” I was very grateful to find out so I could be medicated right. As for positive attitude, I stumbled upon that also. It was in a newspaper column in which the woman said if you go into a problem thinking you can solve it, it really increases your chances that you will. For I think it opens up your unconscious to look for ways to solve the issue, for you just told it to. Otherwise, since we can’t see our unconscious, it could be set on negative, from childhood for instance, when we believed what we were told: you’re worthless, you can’t solve problems. So now before I go into a problem, I say, “Think positive, think 
positive, think positive,” to make sure my unconscious is set on positive--like I told it to--not on negative like somebody else may have told it to when I was 5 or 10. Or, one problem at a time, and be positive about that problem. Somebody else told me this--the woman who wrote the column--and it worked, that’s why I’m telling you."
175994231,The posts are frozen? The last one I see is from Loial from 17 hours ago.
175994232,I’m open to anything right now tbh... I’m lucky I’m even eating right now. Latuda isn’t doing ****.
175994233,That sounds so good. I can't wait till our BBQ next week when I get hamburgers and potato salad
175994234,Pan _NAME_ aka Mexican sweet bread
175994235,Exercised. Can't seem to stick to taking my meds though...
175994236,I finally got my meds and inhaler an hour ago. Still behind on my night meds and inhaler. I have a headache and it's raining.
175994237,Start therapy and make a commitment to yourself to not carry your past into your future.
175994238,"I Loved this. Discovered _NAME_, singer and songwriter through this. -- Thu Sep 05, 2019 7:22 am -- Its great to have 100's of episodes of something to watch that others have seen and liked. I watched Sex and the city recently. Cant imagine watching it on a weekly basis. Always better to wait until you have all the episodes ."
175994239,Morning I hate that I dont have a lot of smart people on my facebook. I cant really relate to anyone. And no one ever knows what I'm talking about.
175994240,I hope things get better for you. Hopefully you can get a mental health day of some sort. take care of yourself. I know it's a pot calling the kettle black kind of deals. Lol I'm a hypocrite but I must say... hypocrites are usually the ones to give out good advice.
175994241,Oh I didn’t know....I don’t really watch them. I just knew you were a fan....
175994242,Texans warned to boil and conserve water as power outages persist It might not even be just your complex Newtus ....there is apparently a water shortage in your state....
175994243,"Awesome! Heck, that makes even me want to take a shower! Me who has worn the same clothes for three days."
175994244,I do...I’m not bed bound. It’s comments like these that make me upset. I’m trying to tell you I’ve done everything. I know u mean well just gotta be careful with what words you choose. I’m up and down the stairs multiple times a day. I walk my dogs sometimes (when it’s my turn). Etc
175994245,"I’m hoping having the weighted blanket will help me sleep better, my sister is probably dropping that off this weekend Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk"
175994246,It’s the long weekend there’s no one to call. I’ll talk to my doctor on Tuesday that’s the best I got.
175994247,"I told my doctor that I used ketamine last year for depression - It really helped me (I think that's why I did so well last year). He agreed that it does help and if I'm ever depressed again, he can prescribe it - I think that's what he said? I'm gonna talk to him on Monday about it. I can buy the nasal spray online but it's 200 dollars. I think it's pretty new in Canada so idk if he can. I've been using phenibut for depression the past year when I ran out of ketamine but I think that ketamine is much better."
175994248,"_PERSON_ said... I have been following your posts. I think it's being unrealistic to think that staying with your wife, would soothe her nerves and control her temper. I was very naive. I admit that. If you've been following my comments like you said, you saw where I mentioned that she even warned me not to get involved with her because of her ill-temper. Again, I was naive. I had the unrealistic belief that if I soothe her nerves, everything would be alright. I put her on a pedestal and minimized her faults thinking they weren't so bad. I was wrong and now I have to deal with that. _PERSON_ said... Loving someone unconditionally doesn't mean that you are forced to stay in a situation where you are being abused and live in fear. Oh, I live in CONSTANT fear. _PERSON_ said... You don't have to love her temper because it's a part of her. I am so tempted to post a link to my wife's facebook page but I know that would not be a good idea but I will share with you what is there ... under her photo, she ha
s the following caption : "" I am bossy, unreasonable, selfish, impatient, possessive and insanely jealous. I have a terrible temper and I get much too angry much too easily and I can't control my rages. That is me. If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best. "" _PERSON_ said... I strongly believe that your situation will only get worse as time goes by. At this point there is nothing more that you can do - three husbands before you have tried, and failed. Yeah and SHE told me all of this when I would ask her out and she would tell me that she was far too hot-tempered to ever get married again and I begged and pleaded with her promising her that I would be different and that I would take care of her temper for her. I kept promising her that until she gave in. As I said, I was naive. How do I tell her that my words meant nothing? _PERSON_ said... I agree with _NAME_, move out and give yourself time to enjoy a peaceful existence and some aspect of safety. All marriages are not happi
ly ever after. Praying for you, _NAME_ Well, you've given me a lot to think about . Thank you."
175994249,I completely agree. But the process of finding that “perfect solution” can be exhausting.
175994250,"That's great, I know you've been looking forward to wearing them"
175994251,"HUGS _AT_MENTION_. Try to trust that your meds haven't been poisoned. I know it is hard because it can be so compelling to believe it. I'm so sorry you are feeling scared. Can you do something nice for yourself like get into bed, with a nice cup of tea, and curl up with a blanket and a good book, or work on a new drawing? It might help to get a little distracted...Try to remember that you are safe. HUGS to you my friend. _PERSON_"
175994252,Hahaha ?
175994253,August 6th of 2019 was my last cigarette.. Imagine.. Read this book; https://www.amazon.ca/_NAME_.../dp/_PHONE_NO_
175994254,"I’ve only known you for a short spell, _AT_MENTION_. But you strike me as a really good person with a big heart. You’ve parlayed your adversity into your creativity…your music…which is a wonderful thing. I’d enjoy having a sit-down pint with you any day of the week. Also wondering how the two of us could collide on my Lullaby ballad. How would we make it work over the internet? That is, if you are interested and have the time of course."
175994255,Honestly feeling moments of practical euphoria followed by little moments of jaded pessimism. My emotions are all over the place.
175994256,She just told me to start over. And gave me advice with the relationship. Saying it'll never be easy but I need to work on myself. She basically said that.
175994257,Going to start to listen to the BBC COVID Soap opera.
174394168,"It can be hard to deal with psychosis. My episodes were usually mania with acute paranoia and psychotic episodes that were pretty intense. When I first had psychotic breaks it was paralyzingly terrifying. I was so relieved to have been diagnosed so I knew I could fight it. I had quite a few relapses and hospitalizations. In fact, we had to cancel our wedding and ended up just going to the courthouse with our parents to get married because I was in the hospital on our wedding day. Mixing with people was hard, luckily for me, I had moved back home to get medical treatment so I had some buddies from high school still around. Unfortunately, I lost touch with them one by one. I finally met my wife on a dating site (waaay before tinder and all the crap they have these days - I can't imagine dating in this age) so I kind of adopted friends that way. I still do not have any friends of my own, but my in-laws are great and we are pretty close, so that helps. I also joined to get some discussions with like mi
nded people dealing with the same stuff as me. I am much better when I can take my time and formulate a well thought out discussion as opposed to having discussions in person."
175994258,Tomorrow before my doctor appointment
175994259,See I shouldn’t have said anything you think I’m crazy now.
175994260,Thank you so much for your kind words. I needed that!
175994261,"Turns out walmart does money orders for 4 bucks less than my bank does, and they don't require an ID. So I'm gonna go there tomorrow to pay my rent."
175994262,"I don't need it actually, I think. Pdoc had me convinced for a while. I don't wanna waste money."
175994263,"Hi, yes i do. Due to multiple arthritis and disc issues in neck. some meds can cause this as well, lexapro especially. Brain zaps. Other things can be migraines or related to this, stiff neck, bad shoulders as well. Keep strong. HT"
175994264,I’m so sorry you’re struggling with this anxiety. I have an adult daughter ( my youngest 31) who has also dealt with this since she was a teen. I definitely know that things are ramped up now because the external energy of the world is reflecting many of our deepest concerns or wounds. I have been know these last few months to turn the volume way up and do chanting to get me into another zone off planet earth. It helps me. Sending you lots of good energy that you may experience more ease in your life.
175994265,Didn’t you just get a job?
175994266,"HI Roxy, I am sorry that the Lexapro is effecting you the way it is, but these side effects could subside. I think once it gets in your system it will be easier. So don't give up. If the side effects become too bad, then call the doctor and let them know. Do you think anxiety is making it harder? I think I actually gained a couple of pounds on the Lexapro. It made me a little constipated and bloated, but it is better now. I hope it works for you so you feel better. Hugs, _NAME_... PS I seem to be doing good on it. I pick a bottle up today. I didn't have any for this morning."
175994267,Idk insane is a pretty loaded term. Have you ever sought treatment? Is that something you would even want? You seem to be aware of where your reality ends and others begins based on the way you’ve shared your experience. I’m not even sure if you’d be labeled psychotic by every doctor. Hallucinations aren’t typically enough. You can for example hear voices and simply be a voice hearer so long as you recognize that they are in fact not real. Palm reading and the like while not everyone does still fits within the consensus reality. Anyway if you’re up for conversation head over to roll call it’s our check in thread.
175994268,Hi She left a message on my cell phone but husband is not interested in rescheduling at all. He has been very resistant to getting help and I finally got him to go and this lady dropped the ball. I am mad as well because of what she caused for me so I don't want to re-schedule either. Today I didn't give a fig about being out of a job. I'm on a _USER_ID_...
175994269,I loved to color when I was in the hospital.
175994270,I’m currently seeking a new antidepressant. Nothing is working for me lately and I’m desperate to find something soon. Prozac worked great for me for awhile but it kind of just stopped working. I’ve tried a lot of different antidepressants and most all just have bad side effects so I end up stopping. I was reading up on Paxil and I guess it’s somewhat like Prozac. I’m just scared to try a new medication because of the bad luck I’ve been having. Wondering if anyone has had anything positive to say about it. I know everyone is different but would be interested to hear some people’s experience on it. Thanks
175994271,Personally I find it’s both....
175994272,I got a memory of my dead bird yesterday....sigh....
175994273,"Desoxyn, can phenibut cause anxiety?"
175994274,"Hi _NAME_ and welcome! I am glad that you are looking to get more comfortable with your treatment regimen. I think we know intuitively what we need to do in order to feel our best, and if you believe that your time with using a benzo has run its course, then you are right to look on ahead to other options. You will want to, as _PERSON_ mentioned, taper your discontinuation with your Klonopin. You can go to .25 and .5 for a week, and then to just your most needed dose for another week, (just the a.m. pill OR the p.m. instead of both) and then finally that same dose but only on every other day until you step off after the 3rd or 4th week. That should be a good schedule considering your low total dosage and the short amount of time you have been taking them...but consulting your doctor or pharmacist is always a good move if you aren't sure about it all. As far as the Valerian and Gaba...natural supplements can be beneficial, but don't work for everyone. (if this was the case we wouldn't have need for 
pharmaceuticals) So try it and stay positive about it working for you, but having a back up plan is also a good idea. Vistaril (hydroxyzine) a prescript ion antihistamine taken off label for anxiety/panic is something you might want to research and keep in consideration as a benzo alternative...just in case. Also seek to learn new coping skills that you can add to your toolbelt to help you get through your transition. If you need new material, we have great ideas in our Resources at the top of the main forum page here. Keep posting with us as well for support if you find it helpful. We care, understand and support is key! Talk soon and well wishes with your discontinuation! S.C."
175994275,"I have the same issue from time to time. For me, I get that way when I'm anxious. And then I get worried when I get too involved with my internal conversation. I think as long as you arent bothered by them and they arent affecting your life way too much, then I would think its fine."
175994276,I’ve spoke to my psychologist about my homicidal intrusive thoughts. She says ones reaction to them says a lot. So if you are horrified with them and find it upsetting then that is very reassuring that you wouldn’t carry them out. I try to remind myself this.
175994277,No I mean idk I think she is trying to like buy my love or like her way of saying sorry
175994278,Invega is making me fat
175994279,Yeah I drank 4 cups yesterday and only slept 3 hours last night. So far I've only drank 2 today
175994280,That's quite a tree!
175994281,"I'm a pretty productive person, but I don't relate to how he specifically goes about it. When it comes to productivity, for me it's always just been just do the thing that needs to be done. Forget all of this ""prime the physical"" stuff. Just do the thing. And then, if you can, do the next thing. I know people rely on all of these systems and philosophies and mantras and hacks to get through the day, but hearing them really irritates me -- all that time wasted on getting in the mood to do things."
175994282,It took me a long time to learn that interviewing is a skill. Slept well and feeling pretty okay so far today. Would like to write some today. Hope everyone has a very nice day.
175994283,"No, I will tomorrow though. Haven't showered since the weekend."
175994284,Hope your mom feels better soon _PERSON_
175994285,Hi _PERSON_! Thank you! I hope I'll get to see him.
174394211,"Oh, _PERSON_, i am so sorry. My heart goes out to you. Did you tell your pdoc about this? Maybe she would want to make a med adjustment or something?"
175994287,Hi I see that you’re very intelligent and in touch with all the pressing awful problems we are facing currently. I just want to offer you some solace that I have found. I’ve been struggling with being astounded by how _NAME_ could’ve been chosen by 70 million Americans. Some sites like TheLincoln project iChristians against _PERSON_ are good forums for me. I also find The history professor and political scientist Heather _PERSON_ is helpful. She has on Facebook twice a week and helps shed some light on Past events that have been completely dismal & new title wave of voters turned them around. I that the younger generation is more aware of everything you speak about and will take over from the baby boomers an older folks. Technology is making great strides and I believe we will get some assistance with climate change hopefully it won’t be too late. I hope that I’m not stepping on your boundaries but I am concerned about you .Not to delegitimize your concerns but I hope you can get some help 
by talking to a psychologist or other counselor. It sounds like you’re quite depressed 2021 will be much better with _NAME_ hopefully _NAME_ will flip and we can have some progressing goals I share with you.
175994288,Has anyone got information on being asleep with leringeospasm or waking and what to do how dangerous is it
175994289,I'm not taking anymore benzos. I bought a bottle of white wine. I'm gonna take two shots with one zopiclone to attempt to sleep tonight at ~3am.
175994290,"I imagine you have a pharmacy lab, where you walk in through your secret trap door in your closet."
175994291,"Hey _NAME_, good to see you we're all over here Roll Call 159!"
175994292,Ooh I see. When is that happening? Something to look forward to for sure!
175994293,I’m so done with today and I just woke up 40 min ago.
175994294,"This, cool that all the packaging is made of plant based material and biodegradable Attached Images IMG_2655.jpg (280.9 KB, 7 views)"
175994295,Hi Ive never tried that so can't really comment but I hope it works for you keep us posted. _PERSON_.
175994296,I want to see if that's true cuz I never tried it before. I'm curious.
175994297,"Random rant... Just because you ""earn"" a car your parents BOUGHT for you doesn't mean you ""worked"" for your ****. Stop acting like you're better than someone because they don't make as much or is as privilege enough to never went without. **** people"
175994298,I hope that that goes well for you (the group)
175994299,"Hi _NAME_, Have you tried ashwaganda?I used to have terrible chronic insomnia. It'll literally make someone nuts... Wasn't long after I quit taking all prescribed drugs and more normal sleep patterns returned. Now I take a smaller dose of ashwaganda at night if I feel anxious or not tired. It works. Also use Traditional Medicinals brand of Nighty-Night tea sometimes. Have to let it soak in a covered-mug for 20 minutes but it works surprisingly well. The drugs they gave me for depression, pain, sleep & anxiety just made me feel worse. They made me feel confused, daytime groggy, more depressed,cranky, dumb, heavy-feeling legs. It's like torture trying to function & work when your brain's 1/2 asleep & your body feels like collapsing. Sometimes, I go to bed early & just lay there reading after taking the herbal remedies and that helps. Hope you start sleeping well soon."
175994300,I slept really well last night too (8 hours). I need 9.5 hours at most I think. I'm gonna fall asleep at 11:30pm and wake up at 11am in the morning - That way the Vyvanse will kick in at noon and I'll have a whole 12 hours without worrying about having a dr/dp panic attack. I'm gonna make a fire at night (I didn't do it tonight cuz fear of a panic attack)... meh. Took a walk around the block..
175994301,"I dont feel good. Like I feel irritated. Or upset or something. Work was weird and tough today. My coworker was off and on the phone all day with her husband because his dad was at the hospital about to be taken off life support and he wanted to live. And it was just tough having to hear all the details of it. Like idk. And then I had to drive 2 hours, which is ok. But then I got back to the city area and spent like the last two hours of work twiddling my thumbs while my boss answered a million calls and emails."
175994302,_PERSON_ thinks hes a cat
175994303,showered today. had fruit salad for breakfast
175994304,That is a little scary
175994305,I just figured she was wearing a bikini!
175994306,There is a HUGE problem right now. I was all excited about my game because it's out for delivery. And I just happened to be skimming over the details. And it's being delivered to my old address. I immediately called the local post office. They are trying to get ahold of the carrier that has it on him right now. I'm so fckin nervous. I hope the carrier answers the call and reroutes the package...
175994307,"bought _USER_ID_ Spin 3 SP314-53GN-52GR Touch 14"" 2-in-1 Laptop Computer - Silver _USER_ID_ Spin 3 SP314-53GN-52GR Touch 14"" - Micro Center decided to do something for myself."
175994308,I've been fine. A bit more stable on the clozaril now.....only side effect really is it makes me so freaking tired. I get paranoid sometimes and still have hallucinations occasionally but I'm definitely doing better Sorry for not checking in here as much....hope everyone is doing good <3
175994309,Hi Folks How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. Sorry I’ve not been around much got lots going on but still checking in most days but not replying to as many posts as I would like. _PERSON_
175994310,I see all of these people on here going through challenges just as I am. How do you get through all of the pain... I just want to be okay now and I feel like I am so far from it. I feel my heart racing and my body is very week. I have to remind myself to take a breath sometimes. I'm struggling so badly.
175994311,You CAN do it!
175994312,You need to talk to him about these issues. See if there is any way to solve the problems. Or is it time to move on?
175994313,Thank you!!
175994314,That sucks......
175994315,Still haven’t got my check and my husband hasn’t got his unemployment check. Tax check is about gone. Grandma is in the nursing home now. Car payment is due idk what else to do.
175994316,This was supposed to be a good day. But slowly it fades into bad.
175994317,I’m specifically looking for books set in the fall season that are super descriptive of like leaves Halloween etc....sorry if I wasn’t clear.
175994318,That's wonderful!!
175994319,"It's not always a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Sometimes it's a permanent solution to many permanent problems!!! But regardless, not all problems are temporary, so that is a false statement. When It is at the point that they no longer care how negative they sound or no longer care if people think less of them, that's pretty rock bottom. Me, personally, I want to hear I am weak so bad!! How could bpd patients not hate being told they are strong?? It is mostly just a persons way to protect themselves in case that unfortunate bpd person they perceived as strong, fails. They can say ""but he/she seemed so strong!! If a person suffers an incredible amount of loss and trauma and is still breathing, how does that make them strong??!!! It's a strength if they are able to overcome all that loss and trauma!! We would gladly admit we are weak if they would just keep most of that pain away from us!! Or let us have the help we should get. Not just a few that find that rare therapist who agrees to 
help one or two bpd patients. How hard it is to feel Hopeless. And Helpless. that is what the therapist should have just said when they inform us that they are unable to treat us. How can they turned us away!! Over and over if there was any hope of getting better? I got turned down everytime i asked and even pleaded for help. Most of us have tolerated much more than we are capable of dealing with when therapist after therapist abandons and rejects us over and over!!! Really? It's abusing us using our biggest fear!! ! And having a Grief Center rejecting us too? Even when they know we have multiple losses and traumas we are trying to find help to make some sense out of? And to find out we are being abandoned yet again? But this time it was a person who supposedly dedicated their lives to help, not injure. And Why even tell us we have multiple cases of complicated grief, and all the painful feelings too, when the next therapist is coming to tell us she can't treat us either.. she leaves us all alone, once again, 
with all that pain,.. and no hope that anyone will even bother to throw us a rope. Just like a therapist who does decide to treat a bpd patient, is required to see a therapist,also. Just think how lonely and raw and empty the borderline is feeling because they see the trouble they cause. Having bpd is feeling like our body is 90% covered w 3rd degree burns!! How painful and paralyzingly those feelings must be!! And for the most part, always will be. Our feelings are all over the place, and if one negative feeling is too intense, it could take an hour to calm down even just a little!! Not even to count the other difficult psych diagnosis' that are usually always present with bpd like ptsd and GAD and severe MDD!! Then add physical problems on top of all of those raw and painful feelings! No wonder they view death as being better. Bpd is considered the most painful psychiatric disorder. The pain would be too unbearable for the strongest of people without bpd!! And most of u can only slightly imagine how painful 
just living is for the bpd person:(((("
175994320,Oh and best of all: I can actually read what I want to read now!
175994321,Already fckd up my food intake
175994322,"Not sure it is just anxiety. I have Mixed Connective Tissue Disorder including Lupus. UV rays, or blue-light exacerbates Lupus. What you mention is the same feeling I get when out in the sun too long, or inside the shopping mall too long."
175994323,I usually set a timer on my phone so I don’t forget no matter what....
175994324,Showers broken so I had a bath.
175994325,I read a meme.. I forget what it said.. I was gonna send it to newtus.. It said something like.. Stick with it through the non love times.. that's the best thing you can do.. it's not always like in the movies.. this life.. The apathy is love.. I butchered it but yknow what i mean.. i think..
175994326,"I do occasionally have a cigar, totally different than cigarettes for me for some reason I can take it or leave it, it was was more like an activity. I’d go to a cigar bar with a few friends and have a cigar and a few drinks. I haven’t done this in probably almost a year maybe. I very rarely have one by myself"
175994327,You're under a ton of stress. Those type of things happen to me all the time now.
175994328,Feeling a little bit better. Hopefully good enough to go to partial hospital tomorrow. We're off Thursday for 4th of July and then we go back Friday.
175994329,"Being bipolar, I hear this a lot (usually used in a negative context). Having a mental illness can be debilitating, not something that you can just use as an adjective. I can't imagine how frustrating that must be."
175994330,"Enjoy them, the holidays are the time for indulgence lol"
175994331,"Just booked fiances bday party dealio. Cant get ahold of that art business today to pick up my 5 by 5. Couldnt yesterday either. I think they may not get much business in general, so they are by appointment. Idk."
175994332,I believe in the mighty circle. It all goes round and round. It doesn't matter what I do - I can drag along or something will force/inspire me to take action. And I don't believe in anything. I don't think I matter against my own will.
175994333,"Des ni, I must say, the fewer the better possibly."
175994334,Yes I did
175994335,"Coffee, of the good variety."
175994336,I also have work in like thirty minutes and I feel this way...
175994337,Smart cookie aspie
175994338,"But how do we know that they are missing out. Maybe they are experiencing something we don't understand. I am not shy but I often choose not to be around people much. Give me a dog and I am in my glory. Not that I don't like people, I just don't like drama. And I see that a lot when I interact with people. Maybe it is just the certain people I have interacted with. I guess I am saying some people might present themselves in a manor that we think they are shy when in reality they are quiet by choice. I agree though, a shy person may not be experiencing things that an outgoing person would. And I do believe they are slower to find a soul mate. But would that give them a more meaningful relationship because the couple would most likely be older? Would the relationship be more mature as the people are? I didn't get married until I was close to 30. But I lived with the guy for 12 years. But to me at that time it was just a piece of paper. Then I started needing to see the doctor so we got married so I w
ould have insurance. So it was more out of convenience than anything. Though I am not saying it wasn't love. But it was more about my health. And diabetes. Good thread and subject as usual _NAME_. I hope you had a nice day. Hugs to all... _NAME_..."
175994339,"Yes, she has struggled with MI in the past. She seems to have BPD in my opinion. But she has no official diagnosis. I feel less angry this morning. She is who she is. I just have to limit contact. That way I feel less pain."
175994340,This is me! I started lexapro on 06/21 and also just to keep in mind this is not my first time on lexapro....I was doing great as soon as I started and lately these past few weeks a bit of anxiety has crept in which is tolerable. But I’ve noticed in getting the intrusive thoughts/overthinking and this alone triggers my anxiety! I can’t stand it so I trigger my own anxiety. I get how you feel.
175994341,"Beautiful, SP! Absolutely Beautiful. I love the color. Pink is my favorite. Pink. Black. White. Grey. I recently saw (online not in person) a white sunflower. I had never seen one before. Gorgeous."
175994342,Could be anything. I always feel some kind of way physically everyday. Bad. Idk why.
175994343,So much trouble starting my homework today...setting a deadline of 3pm to start or at least go through the motions....
175994344,"I’m sorry you are experiencing a difficult time. I too have depression. I’ve spent so many years denying that I have depression. I think its because I didn’t want to be identified with the others that have it, namely my mom and siblings. Now, as I have so much time on my hands and very lonely, it’s much worse. I can’t even busy it away, (I’m self quarantining in 2 rooms in the house, because my partner is a front line worker, and I’m susceptible to bronchitis and pneumonia.) I don’t have any answers, just tools that help me to re-remember and re ground. When I am really off, crying, pacing, negative thoughts running the show etc....I turn on chanting music really loud, usually I’m crying, so I just cry louder....and eventually I sync up to the chant. After 10-20 min I feel calm in body, mind, and sprit. It’s at this time I can tune into a different frequency and then just keep having little gratitudes for everything around me. And finally I send out love first to all my people, 
then to my community....and I keep expanding it. It feels good for a bit, to not be so self immersed. And seems like it’s my job now. Staying quiet, meditative, and sending love. My moods are the reminder to change the mental channel. You deserve some peace....my prayer for you is that you’ll find what it is that brings you peace and make that your practice until you’re on the other side of this..... Here’s to peace for us all. ??"
175994345,The injection likely hasn't kicked in - Maybe when it does I'll feel better but I kind of feel like staying in the same place except I want to be somewhere else. It's been like this for years. I've just gotten sick of it. But I suppose I'll distract myself and do something. I've had enough of the nonsense of it all.
175994346,"Had a bit of an episode recently within the last couple hours and am trying to calm down. Other than that, fine, I guess... really ******* pissed off."
175994347,Man fck this shyt
175994348,It has been three months waiting for her to mail it but she is very busy so I am just happy it is finally arriving…I will post a picture of it when it gets here…so excited…
175994349,"Yes, including the fish oil"
175994350,Again people who do me wrong and they’re doing better than you. Pisses me off. The smirk on their faces. The smug *** smile makes me want to punch a hoe.
175994351,It’s a birthday cake! Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
174394296,"I found a nice recipe for blueberry turnovers on Pinterest, I've never made turnovers before so it might be a little challenging but not too difficult. I'm gonna try making it in September maybe. Of course, you can swap out any fruit you want like raspberries, blackberries, cherries, etc. Blueberry Turnovers - Sprinkle Some Sugar"
175994352,There’s this nice restaurant out of town that has big fish ponds all around the dining area. Maybe I should go there just to cure the boredom. The food is really nice too. And there’s this bakery nearby the restaurant that sells delicious cassava cakes.
175994353,Watched the trailer and I can't help but think of MK ULTRA. I'm watching the eighth season of Supernatural. Good show.
175994354,"Hugs, Cog."
175994355,So cool!
175994356,Yeah Roll Call use to be 10 pages of posts a day.
175994357,"FreezingNow I join you in the hope that TMS works well for you. Above all, do not become discouraged as you wait for the improvement._NAME_, in the Psalms, said that the Lord would create within him a ""new heart""....so maybe _NAME_ had similar problems. I will be praying for you."
175994358,My son is the only one I know that’s tried it. I asked him how it was and this was his response
175994359,Yeah I’m looking over there a bit. Feel like I’m cheating on you guys though haha.
175994360,Going to walk to the gas station and to listen to a podcast to buy chips and chocolate then watch Netflix with my computer hooked up to my TV =]
174394281,"The problem is that those constructs are medical ones, at least in psychiatry. They mean something, and there is a protocol to follow in order to diagnose. If people don't, it is just using terms badly in order to suggest other things, or using credentials that you don't have. If you say callousness is enough, the problem is that there are plenty of callous people, and they don't do anything antisocial. Let's just take conduct disorder, which is pretty much the same construct as antisocial PD. It is necessary that there is a pattern of disruptive behaviors. https://ijponline.biomedcentral.com/art ... 017-0404-6 The socialization of those with this behavior is all over the place, and so is the emotions, callous or not. That's why, something specific like serial murders, simply does not fit the pattern in and of itself, no matter how horrific you might want to call it, it is not antisocial in a scientific way, but only in a vague colloquial way. Its also not something the person can ""hide"", nor are 
any of the other personality disorders, otherwise, what's the point of it? it can't be seen, and therefore cannot be diagnosed either. If people start doing that, it is simply guess work. Medical conditions can be seen, they are not something you just make up without any symptoms. And that is the problem here. If you assume there are covert antisocials, and covert psychopaths that are undetectable, and commit serial murders and can only be diagnosed once caught, it is a serious problem, and can explain everything, just like the unconscious. Its basically pseudo-science. But it is true that many people that commit those typed of crimes do have that observable behavior. I don't believe it is the reason they do it though, but it is a risk factor. Those are easier to catch, since they probably have priors with the law. The problem here is that Stone makes a lot of emphasis on the callous-unemotional factor, and it seems like it is his goal to make it more evil, and he wants to have harsher sentences for people th
at have the wrong emotions. There is a problem here though, since it is hard to tell from afar, the actual psychic process. ""The psychic process dynamics, despite being extremely important, can confuse the professional in the categorization of PDs. For example, a psychiatrist can confuse the affective state of schizophrenia, or even that of schizoidism (which is characterized by a deficient affective expression), with the indifference and affective insensitivity of antisocial PD."" http://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?pid=s15 ... xt&tlng=en Here's another time the myths. https://www.scientificamerican.com/arti ... t-excerpt/ The majority of them are not loners, and they fit quite well into the community. The majority means the majority, which means more than 47%. According to Stone, the vast majority are psychopaths, and sexual sadists, and half are schizoids. Somehow, he is not seeing the same thing as everybody else. His only study seems to be this: https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2001-_PHONE_NO_ I could not fin
d the whole text, but he is basing his opinions mainly on biographies. That's quite a problem, and I would take that with a grain of salt. From a strictly scientific point of view, it is quite useless. If he actually took their real official diagnosis, it would be more useful, but he makes his own, based on very limited data, web searches, and media coverage (yes, I checked a few things about his method). Just in normal sexual homicide cases, the PDs that are diagnosed, when there is one are ASPD, BPD and NPD in order, from what I saw, which makes a lot more sense. If you include murder in general, not the sexual type, PPD is often second. I don't know why he decided to diagnose all those people with SPD, but my guess is their lack of emotional display, and some of them are somewhat loners. Its not exactly enough for a diagnosis, but if you stretch everything's possible. When you simply look at third hand accounts of the media or Hollywood, many people look like loners, which may or may not be consistent with 
the reality. That's why interviews are generally considered necessary, it's the _PERSON_ rule, and Stone broke it. He was properly diagnosed at least, and yes, both can be true at the same time, but he wasn't diagnosed as SPD as far as I saw. BPD and some ASPD traits. Its not what wikipedia believes, its what he was diagnosed with in reality, and not from a search engine. [quote=""number230000""] It's related to Borderline Personality Organization in general - therefore schizoid - of which polymorphous perverse sexuality is a symptom.[quote] Schizoids don't have a borderline personality organization, but that is psychoanalysis, different beast."
175994361,Making bbq chicken pizza....just a frozen one but it should be good
175994362,Don't take the load of propranolol. I have chemicals I could take that would for sure kill a couple people and I think of taking them but I won't. I wish I could just end it but I can't leave my family. Things can get better.
175994363,Why the **** do I care what people who don't give a **** about me think about me? I'm sick of biting my ****ing tongue with most people. I'm worthless I guess.
175994364,I'm glad your coil came! I'd go crazy without my headphones here.
175994365,Sorry didn’t mean to sound rude towards you. Sometimes you have to. If I had kids it would be different. I’ve gone without a few times because I refuse to do so. I did rely on my mom a lot when I was with her.
175994366,"Hi. I joined this site because I want to connect with people. I’ve been replying to people’s posts trying to encourage them and I like doing that but I hadn’t yet made a post of my own because being vulnerable is hard... I’m not even really sure what to share. I have bipolar and some ocd and have been struggling to find the right medications to be on since I was diagnosed a year and a half ago. So I have long periods of low mood and much briefer periods of feeling good. I’m learning a lot of coping skills though and have a few people who are really supportive of me. I want to find people I really connect with so badly and I was having trouble with that before the pandemic and now meeting people is harder. If you’re reading this, tell me something about yourself. Let’s get a conversation going and feel a little less alone. . - mellow (_NAME_)"
174394305,"Thank you fuzzy, I'm sorry you're dealing with anxiety regarding your teeth too. I appreciate the tips! I'll try to use them. Another problem is that when I was really sick (mentally) with negative symptoms due to Schizoaffective/bipolar, it was hard to get myself to brush my teeth. But I've made it a priority again and have been doing good with brushing and flossing everyday."
175994367,I have low vitamin D as well. For a while I was taking prescription vitamin D. Then I switched doctors and the new one doesn't check that so I don't worry about it anymore. I'm rather fair skinned and skin cancer runs in my family so I try to stay out of the sun. I've already had to have some suspicious moles removed.
175994368,"I dreamt that a friend got married, I messaged her about it and that made her wish to break him off"
175994369,Waiting on a custom personal pizza to arrive. I’m excited but nervous. I want to enjoy it and not worry. Thanks guys for understanding. My brain is messed up still... Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
175994370,"NETWORK, _NAME_, 1976 - The Tube Lies"
175994371,not able to sleep...again
175994372,Hey _PERSON_ hows it going?
175994373,I feel okay actually. Still kind of obsessive but I had a lazy day just did some studying and watched TV. Idk I feel okay but also not okay still.
175994374,Morning folks. How has your week been? Check in if you have the time. _PERSON_
175994375,Laying here listening to the rain
175994376,"I don't know what my New Years resolution is. Maybe to eat healthier, walk more, and stay on top of cleaning/laundry/hygiene. Off to a good start"
175994377,I’m going to talk to my mom later about what’s going on. I need to be smart and safe.
175994378,I think this health crisis is causing everyone I know with & without diagnosed behavioral health issues to feel overwhelmed & scared. For those of us with PTSD this is triggering us _NAME_ variety of ways & not being able to be with friends or loved ones or in person sessions with our providers definitely makes it more difficult. All I hear from my clinical social worker is how well I am doing. Well I am a trauma interventionist in practice 29 years. But if I am doing well he’d other patients or she must really be suffering. I have not slept well in 10 weeks. Workingatsin3/17
175994379,"Wish you and other peeps here could come visit me, it’s pleasantly warm here and I got the debris from the tornado off of my deck. It’s always the little things for me, too, that make all the difference."
175994380,Thats perfect then...
175994381,I feel calmer now. Hoping it's not the start of an episode and I can cope/manage it until I see my doctor on the 11th. Will just have to keep an eye on things the call my doctor during the week if things start escalating again
175994382,Making baked chicken breasts and steamed broccoli for dinner
175994383,Give me your tiredness and I'll give you my energy and non sleepiness lol I want to sleep so bad
175994384,"omg I have like this insatiable hunger on Abilify, nothing satisfies me. I ate dinner, then I ate cereal later because I was hungry and my stomach was growling, now it's 1:25am and I'm hungry again"
175994385,"I got 15,000 steps in today. Not too bad. I think I need to relax. I've been pushing myself like crazy the past week and I'm sore and worn out"
175994386,"It's half an hour until midnight and I went out for dinner and there this guy that just talked a lot and I could tell from his body language that he was judging me. I didn't like him so I left early. I had two drinks of alcohol and now I feel slightly depressed. I weighed 100mg CBD on a milligram scale and put it into a capsule with a benzo and swallowed it. I suppose I still struggle with depression. Mostly lack of focus and motivation. I feel like my brain cells are dying and I'm becoming stupid. I see my psychiatrist on he 2nd of January. I'm gonna FaceTime my mom once it almost gets to midnight and pop a bottle of champagne, will contemplate my struggles and then maybe go to sleep. Happy New Year all! Here is to another year of mental hell and heaven.."
175994387,"I'm back to feeling like I don't clean enough. My sister is coming over this weekend and I'm worried she'll think my place is a mess. This is a recurring issue I have, thinking my place is horribly messy when it's really not. I get obsessive sometimes"
174394350,"I feel like I was a loser in high school now whereas when I was in high school I didn't care. Personally I think I was right before. Maybe, well maybe I've just been a little bit beaten down by this life. Socially I stopped talking to people who I think thought I was a loser because it seems like its not good for me. Unfortunately this leaves me isolated."
175994388,Good thing you didn't go in person! Sorry you didn't have your session though.
175994389,Sorry you are having paranoia. Is there anything you can think of that you can do that would be soothing to you? _PERSON_
175994390,"Although he and his cohort, _NAME_, tried to take my job for a LONG time (even after I'd moved on), _NAME_ Anti-freeze FAILED to do so. While that may have contributed to his chugging 'freeze, it can't have been the entire reason. --> People don't engage in cutthroat behavior unless they lack a sense of intrinsic self-worth and are desperate with feelings of helpless inferiority. --> In other words, they're admitting they stand no chance competing with you fairly. And, yes, 1PolarBear, you are right. ""Hoist with one's own petard"" is not a saying for nothing. Ringil, it sounds like you've got a lot going for you. There are quality environments where someone like you will be valued and not abused. Could be you're selling yourself short and working in places below your qualifications."
175994391,I tots know yours want to know child of chaos....
175994392,Have you ever tried a heating pad on your chest when you have chest pain?
175994393,"My therapist recently diagnosed me as SPD, but I am unsure of the diagnosis. I do seem to fit most of the diagnosis descriptions. I like to be by myself, do things by myself, do not enjoy the company of others most of the time, work by myself, and do not express much emotionally when it comes to sorrow or loss, however, I do express anger easy enough. I don’t have and don’t want many friends. The main thing that gives me pause about the diagnosis is that I have had, and currently have, some very strong emotions of affection for a young lady (I am male). So, I was curious if any of you who are diagnosed SPD ever experience bouts of strong emotions or is it always emotionless? Thanks in advance for the help."
175994394,Just showered and shaved my head
175994395,Ok hes not a buttwipe. I'm leaving tonight tho in his car and he will get a ride tomorrow from family since he has to work tomorrow. Oh well
175994396,"It says ""6 to 12 framed/finished works preferred"" in the exhibit guidelines. But I'm sorta confused. Or maybe I just dont wanna turn In that many because I dont have that many."
175994397,https://youtu.be/3c_RU2NcJ9c _NAME_ - Gnossienne No.3 from 'killing eve' Wish I could remember how to embed a video.
175994398,"I just wanted to add helping people can be done by anyone. Sometimes having someone to listen is such a spirit lifter. Having someone say they ""Care"" can make the difference between life and death. Not to go to deep into religion but I have found my church to be of the greatest comfort to me. People caring about people. I try my best to listen to others and be helpful whenever I can. God bless you all"
175994399,"Morning everyone! Today will be day 1 of lexapro. Yesterday I was having really bad anxiety so gave in and took half of a clonazepam around 5pm and it seemed to have relax me a bit. Around 11ish I felt a bit jittery and I was in and out of sleep. Not sure if that was the clonazepam or maybe I needed to take a full pill...this morning I’m feeling very anxious and knowing I will start lexapro today makes me more anxious. I have no idea why I’m so terrified if this will be my 5th time on this medication. I guess it’s because sometimes the beginning was rough for me. With that said, do you think I should take clonazepam again as needed or do you think it could have been the clonazepam giving me the jitters and sleep issues"
175994400,"It’s raining here just now, no wonder the heat was insane during the day. It’s always raining after the temperatures going high"
175994401,Stoicism is a good philosophy ^-;
175994402,Glad your appointments went well _AT_MENTION_! I'm sorry it was a stressful day though. Stressful because of the appointments or because of something else? HUGS Kit
175994403,"I think that there are many displays of what outlooks can be achieved here as there are some really uplifting posts here, with a very unique way of learning to coincide with them, as it's as one post says our new normal, as this experience can last for years, so you would have to cope somehow anyway. I choose to let most of it go over my head, sort of in one ear and out the other a bit like food. I never enter into their many dark traps or feeding freezies like sharks will swarm when any sign or indication of weakness or paying attention to them araises. A bit like a Twitter storm mobbing though in your mind, or just outside of your ears (hearing perception) I can use a lot of methods like putting headphones on and drown them out, humming or saying to myself using inner speech something like _PERSON_, or I don't have 5 dollars, and just repeat that for days, they soon get the picture. I've found out with mine that water in the ears has some noticeable effects like in a Bath it will amplify them or 
make them more clearer to hear, though in a swimming pool if I lay on my back with the water in my ear canal it acts as an off switch! Has anyone else found out any more tricks! it would be great to read them."
175994404,"Thanks, yeah I've been taking the ones I have leftover prescribed by my dentist for the tooth infection I had"
175994405,I'm grateful to the Forums.
175994406,"I’m going to start building up a stock of candy morsels for baking purposes. Like chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, etc there’s tons of them in the baking aisle. I want to get a lot of variety then store them in my freezer so I can use them in the future if I want to bake some kind of dessert. I bought granulated sugar, powdered sugar, brown sugar and cinnamon yesterday. I already have flour, baking soda, baking powder, and vanilla extract."
175994407,"I have long struggled with changing my mind about things. I have combated it with more meds, different strategies in therapy, other things. I can never seem to stop making impulsive decisions sometimes, though. I was wondering if anyone here has ever experienced something similar, and if so, what they did about it. I know I should just be more accepting of myself and the decisions I do make. But it's difficult to do that. It's almost as if I cannot even trust my own mind. It's hard to accept your own mind if you don't even trust it."
175994408,It’s trueeeeeee
175994409,"Learning doesn't just add dollars, but it also can add value to life."
175994410,"I didn't eat very often on Vraylar, it had a kinda stimulant effect on me."
175994411,"SP you are like a _NAME_ of all trades, you know a lot of stuff about a lot of stuff!"
175994412,Depends o what _PERSON_ does.
175994413,I'd let her come help if she wants but I wouldn't count on her being a lot of help if that makes sense...._PERSON_
175994414,"I feel better after I ate a bit. My headache is gone. I took aspirin tho too, so idk."
175994415,"Same here, I haven't had _NAME_ in a long time. I love their double bacon cheeseburgers w/ fries and a chocolate frosty"
174394385,"It honestly hasn't helped much with my neg symptoms, but the positive symptoms are gone 97% of the time which is a huge improvement for me."
175994416,I’m sorry slumberkitty I know these are no fun. You probably haven’t been tested it’s kinda a new thing and they do it at the same time as the pap. I didn’t do it for years because the cancer they check for is caused by hpv usually and I had never had sex. I think they still recommend doing it but it never made sense to me from a microbiology/cancer point of view. This is of course my personal opinion and hasn’t been medically validated. Anyway I hope you can get through it and then not need it done for a while.
175994417,"medved said... _AT_MENTION_ - Ativan can be pretty addictive. Same with other benzodiazepines. I save that for once in a blue moon use. One thing that has been shown to work quite well for health anxiety is Cognitive Behavioral Therapy— a practical, relatively short term therapy. If your wife is motivated to beat the health anxiety, that might be the best approach. I really don't think my wife will opt for any meds again. She just didn't have a good experience with anything that she tried. A previous poster did suggest CBT, and listed a webite that I've shown my Wife. She's quite interested in checking that all out. Thanks for the reassurance of that appoach though."
174394384,"Did they ever tell you if they diagnosed you with any personality disorders? For example I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder and also antisocial personality disorder. I never knew about personality disorders before 2013 (I was in the psych ward with acute benzo withdrawal). The clinician mentioned I had both of them but didn't tell me who had diagnosed them. I have stopped being angry about it because now it's just important to accept and love myself and the rest of the world can go to hell. See? There's a little bit of my personality disorders peeking through. I'm not cold really, but I have a very dark ""shadow"" (as per _NAME_) which is involved with my rage. But none of that really has much to do with my diagnosis of schizophrenia."
175994418,"Just spent a ton of time waiting for the call from someone from the financial department from the IOP and she hasn't called yet. I also skipped a commitment that I have today. Now I am feeling bad about doing that. I just don't see myself getting better unless I have more support, in whatever form that may be. I have zero social life. I am isolated. I am not able to work really. I cannot really do grad school too well. I am usually kind of angry with my parents. I am impulsive. I spend too much. I have goals but feel like I cannot reach them. I hope this program doesn't cost me a ton."
175994419,Work is work. Studying is studying. Exam on Halloween. I’m impatiently waiting to hear back about the job posting. It’s only Monday though. Just hate waiting.
175994420,"Like feeling numb and lost, disconnected from people. This kind of feeling doesn’t last long anymore though. One day is maximum. Used to feel like that for a long period of time, months or years. Now not anymore. Like today, I feel happy and calm"
175994421,"I slept good too. Woke up, made breakfast, got dressed, took a walk to the library, then cleaned for a bit in my kitchen"
175994422,"Home. Tried chipotle for the first time. I hated it. Going to the pdoc. Also, I got invited to be a Google play book partner/Google book partner."
175994423,"Hello _PERSON_, Welcome to Inspire! Inspire was created with the belief that patients, caregivers, and others just interested in their health, need a safe and secure place to connect, exchange ideas, and support one another. We appreciate you taking the time to introduce yourself with your community and we hope that you will be an active Inspire participant! Thank you again for sharing; we hope you will find support and encouragement here! TeamInspire"
175994424,Prescribed yes.
175994425,"Hi everyone, I am an RN who is currently pursuing my BSN. I'm trying to figure out, as a matter of personal interest as well as for educational purposes, peoples' experiences with addiction and how they cope with it. Specifically, do you feel you have enough support at home and in your community? Do you feel your community does enough to help those who suffer from addiction and the effects of said addiction? Within my own hometown, I know I do not feel like I see enough assistance for those who need it, especially alcohol - instead, it seems like we push people towards drinking. Does anyone have any input they'd be wiling to share on this topic?"
175994426,"Hi all, My doc just started me on Citalopram 10mg and atarax for anxiety/panic disorder. I’m having some issues and am hoping for some advice. I’d been having non stop anxiety/adrenaline and extreme emotional lability- particularly in the morning - for almost a month straight. Peppered in with a bunch of panic attacks/often feeling on the verge of one. I’ve taken Citolapram/Celexa for 5 days now. Taking before bed. Day 1-3: I was nauseated, threw up once, weak, sweaty and a little shaky...most of this would subside by the afternoon but the constant feeling of non stop anxiety/adrenaline (mainly located between shoulder blades) and racing thoughts were gone! I felt much more like my old self again. My sex drive actually had increased, my appetite returned, food tasted good, and diarrhea was calming down. Day 4: I felt a bit less nauseated, but still shaky, sweaty, and super spacy. Upon waking I noticed that my jaw has a small tremor. By the evening my anxiety was back. Day 5 (Today): I woke to 
an INTENSE need to move and felt super agitated. My toes, fingers, hands, arms, legs everything just felt like that had to wiggle and go and move. I wanted to crawl out of my skin. I went for a run/walk and it didn’t help. I could not sit still. It felt much different than anything I’ve experienced before. I couldn’t stop crying and felt crazy. I ended up taking .5 Ativan that I’d had left over from a previous prescription because the atarax didn’t touch anything. It calmed me down a bit, but not fully. I know that Citolapram isn’t supposed to work for a few weeks and you’re supposed to power through some of the side effects, but does this seem normal to anyone? Anyone else have or heard of this happening? It sure seems like an episode of akathesia, but idk. My doctor is unavailable until tomorrow and I’m unsure how to progress. Power through? (Scary af) Reduce dosage? Stop?! This feeling is just as awful if not worse than before starting - albeit a different kind of awful. Thanks in advance.P
ost Edited (GanglionCyster) : 5/25/2020 4:50:00 PM (GMT-6)"
175994427,"Hey! I ended up taking supplements, including fish oil!"
175994428,"I get it, haha"
175994429,"Week is done. Still waiting for my manuscript from my editor. But I wont be idle. Now I'm compiling a poetry collection, and I will write short descriptive meanings about each. This should be interesting. One of the great tasks of making an anthology is the research for it. I learned so much making a historical one, my first one. Yeah, I know it wasn't perfect, but it was still a milestone. This one ought to be fun as well. I have a dozen poetry books to work with. I need to get a hold of a translator to get permission from him so I can borrow some of his work with his permission..."
175994430,Have a package arriving tomorrow. 2 containers of Royal Dansk Danish cookies and a 48 oz container of Ghiradelli hot chocolate mix
175994431,"I see fish oil helps SP, have any supplements helped any one else? I'm onn the fence about them, because the good quality ones are expensive, that's the only reason."
175994432,"Minipuff: It does sound good. You are where my grandmother as a bipolar wanted to be, except there wasn’t any medicine. Again, we can be thankful that we were born into an era when there is medicine, and many of them. She was of the era of the 1920s, and a couple of decades after, when there were basically no medicines for those types of illnesses. Here in 2020, it is 100 years later than that. This is what she was wishing for. And we've done absolutely nothing to deserve it. Instead of medicine, she was housed in a central state mental hospital with high walls. During those years, she didn’t live at home, like we are, but in a big, cold building with high walls. As I’ve mentioned before, when my grandmother was visiting someone, she would go into their medicine cabinets and take some of the pills, probably thinking, “Pills make people well, why won’t these make me well?” Again, you’re living her dream. You never spent a day in a hospital. You could be still feeling like you were when 
you first posted. That’s a miracle. Again, we should be down on our knees in thanks for modern medicine. You say, “Surprisingly, no notable anxiety.” That’s a lot different than your fist post. Then you talk about the elevator. So, you did manage to step in and off of one? That’s very good. As for Melatonin, in addition to regular medicine, you might start off with one or two 1 mg.’s. I would see how that worked, and then the next night adjust it to what you think. One trick is to take it, say, an hour early to give it time to start working. Another trick is to take one just before you go to bed, or an hour later than the first pill or pills, so it will be like time release. They might even sell time release, I don’t know. Also, if I keep waking up at say 3 a.m. and can’t get back to sleep, I’ll consider taking another one. Of course, if you’re going to have to be up by a certain time, that might not be best. Again, these are some of the standards for me and alternatives, but I would start 
off with say 1 or 2 and see how it goes. You’ll have to decide those things. Oh, yeah, I was going to ask you about your being positive. Is that going OK? The medicine helps, but our attitude does, also. Mine changed when I read a column on being positive. I didn’t know it, but I had been unconsciously negative. That woman changed my attitude in 10 paragraphs, with perhaps the main one being, “Going into a problem thinking you can solve it, doubles your chances that you will.” I found that it does, as it flips your unconscious from negative to positive, and puts your unconscious to work solving the problem, rather than tripping you up, if you've ordered it to be negative. Before, my unconscious had been set on negative, as I had been raised. Now I think before going into a problem, “Think positive, think positive, think positive.” How have you been at solving problems, lately? “One problem at a time and be positive about that problem.”"
175994433,"Was on hold with unemployment for 2 hours only for the person helping to not be able to actually help, and instead forward and email to someone else. Says I will hear back in 5-7 business days."
175994434,I like to add that she has every right to post here even if she doesn't feel like disclosing things about herself in real life. She's not criticizing _PERSON_ but stating what she knows about water fasting. It's concerning and what he post here is open to discussion because it's public forum. I don't think she's being critical here.
175994435,"I feel like I'm about to have a panic attack so trying to distract myself. Why everyday at this time, idk"
175994436,"I mean, for me. When I was 21/22"
175994437,"Yeah. Part of me wishes I got a 512GB card initially, but I think my 128GB card cost me like $100 back in 2017, while the 512GB one cost more than the switch itself (at the time)."
175994438,Yeah I know. I slept pretty much all day these past 3/4 days so I guess I just want some awake time to enjoy myself
175994439,"Yeah true but the people of 1918 had a very different life to what we have now. Things like the media and education levels are different. In this age of 24 hour news it's like theres no getting away from it and its bound to make people paranoid, maybe for the rest of their lives. I have a feeling that in the future a lot of people will be scared of getting too close to people purely out of paranoia due to the virus. I dunno maybe I'm just overthinking it."
175994440,"I think I’ve had depression most, if not all of my life. In the last 10-20 years, I’ve become a pain med addict, had two kids, lost a house lost a good job as a police officer, due to my addiction, and had my wife become disabled and unable to work. I just got diagnosed with prostate cancer. Things never seem to improve, only get worse. Don’t have much of a relationship with my wife. Haven’t been intimate in about 2 years. Zero friends. And one of my teenage daughters I have a hard time relating to. I feel so alone and isolated. Wife and I don’t really communicate anymore. Counseling numerous times that never seems to help. I’ve been working two jobs and I really don’t like people. I’m always irritable. Idk what to do anymore. I think the only reason my wife and I are still together, is for our girls and so we don’t have to sell our home if we were to split. I’ve never been so unhappy and anxious. Depression meds have never seemed to help. I seek any kind of attention and affect
ion, I think because I don’t have either at home. We say we love each other. But I think we just go through the motions. I really don’t feel loved or cared for, by anyone."
175994441,Prescriptions.
175994442,Now I want pizza lol. With all of cog's cheese choices. Sent from my Nokia C2 Tennen using Tapatalk
175994443,Not feeling video games past 2 days. _PERSON_’s been sick and grumpy. And I haven’t felt the best either. I feel fine right now tho. Kinda sad still. I get really sad on Christmas tho. Like right on the 25th. It builds up until that day and then it slowly goes down the days after. I can’t really use _PERSON_ rn since the coach and therapist are out of the office til Monday. I can see what else to do tho. I gotta pick a coach on noom too. I just feel real down
175994444,Ah good news then. I had hope because it went away after a while on Lamictal also. But the Seroquel fogginess hasn't gone away so I'm going to get off it asap. I think Seroquel is the reason I can't follow the book series the wheel of time. I've started it multiple times and can't follow or remember names. My co workers who have gone through the series made jokes at my expense.
175994445,Watching TV and on this episode of New Amsterdam this pilot crashed a plane in the water and doesn’t remember it and he was hiding bipolar and was diagnosed previously because he had a manic episode and thought he could control the plane and the world with his mind. Just like AWKWARD watching with my mom hahahaha.
175994446,"Thank you sir. I appreciate it. You are very smart, Des - I hope you know that."
175994447,75% is a good mark but I wish it was better. I tried my best. I’m cutting myself some slack it’s my first exam in six years. First exam with this university. Better luck for the next one!
174394417,"Hi all i'm disco and i'm male 45 from the UK. I have been schizophrenic since 2010 after years of drug abuse, culminating in me being sectioned in spring 2017 after my illness caused me to stop eating (i nearly starved myself to death). Was forced to take paliperidone depot 150mg/month (the maximum doseage) when in hospital which started to work after a few months.... the psychosis went and i started eating. ...and i kept on eating, gained loads of weight to the point now where im overweight. i got moved onto oral risperidone recently, 6mg daily. had sexual function side effects. this, together with the weight gain, has made me decide to quit, almost cold turkey (i went down to 3mg daily for about 2 weeks, then to nothing). its now just over a week of cold turkey. i didn't realise they're would be withdrawal symptoms, wish i'd known. the insomnia was bad at first but i slept ok last night. my stomach churns. i feel a bit spaced out/dizzy.... but considering i quit almost cold turkey i'm doing ok. i 
have no psychotic symptoms. if they return i'll be straight back on the meds. my family/psychiatrist dont know ive quit, feel bad about lying to them. reading the other topics in this forum, it's obvious that alot of you are struggling with psychosis. i feel for you having been there . i don't think my psychosis will return as im not in the same situation which made it appear all those years ago. i'll be straight back on the meds if it does though."
175994448,"I don't think I'm exaggerating but seems like everytime I feel really down, broken and sad nobody's there for me .... I even told my therapist I'm stupid , useless and worthless today ..... Can you believe instead of naming positive things about myself I stated I had none and laughed , I can't help it but to have only negative thoughts about myself ...... This may be the worst thing because #1 I'm never going to worry ,care or learn to love myself ......"
175994449,My sister went horseback riding yesterday so she showed me some pictures of that which was cool. She used to have a horse a long time ago.
175994450,Omg desox! Love that schedule! Wannna make me one too ?
175994451,"went to the dentist to get a filling repaired. When i got there my blood pressure was 153/104, soooo... i had to wait for awhile to see if it came down , and it did! yay. This dentist was ok and all but dang did he have to give me shots 4 syringes full it numbed everything! But the filling is fixed and looks good. in hindsight i might have taken my blood pressure medication before i went, lesson for the future."
175994452,SP ((hugs)) Cancer only happens to good people it seems. I'm so sorry.
175994453,"I did the home sleep study but it didn’t work because I could not sleep with the contraption on. I probably tried this at the wrong time because I was adjusting to an SSRI and my sleep was interrupted. I’m going to try it again, probably in lab, later this year. I have some of the symptoms of sleep apnea. But it might just be anxiety."
175994454,"My dad scored the top in his class as well by winning a special competition in California....he eats engineers for breakfast because they’re always creating things that can’t be built irl...of course he knows th farm stuff too. When he was in the navy they let him do whatever he wanted so he became the top jet mechanic, the one that they called on when nobody else could fix it. He sings and plays guitar, rides a motorcycle etc. I’d say if anything it’s a draw..."
175994455,And they didnt have nicotine spray at the store a block away. I definitely wouldve gotten it.
175994456,tsukubai : https://i.imgur.com/j0eFGLn.gifv the remarkable kora : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrzq2xwugMs
175994457,Going to start taking several walks a day everyday now since the weather’s nice.
175994458,I know exactly how you feel
175994459,"Thanks, yeah I already have a little more energy today. I spent several days pretty much just sleeping, but it was the first week of being on it so I'm sure it will get better"
175994460,I talked to my mom on the phone about these things and now I feel better about myself and more positive.
175994461,Or maybe I should just wait it out until the Abilify kicks in more.
175994462,"The thing is, to explain something to someone, you first have to determine a point of commonality, and then kind of walk them step by step to where your head is. So, sometimes I look at a person, and I look at my position, and I look off into the distance at the point of commonality, and it's just an exhaustive mental distance away. But that's just a function of a large amount of time in solitary, away from people. People have these core values of these relationships. Like, people plan to go on vacations with family, and celebrate milestones, and go places to take photos of themselves in front of places, and make all of these nostalgic self-associations with music, and media, and gossip. So much of normal human existance is really relationship-based, so if you divorce yourself from that idea, you get very, very weird in a very, very short period of time."
175994463,I need to be brave and curious instead of fearful and suspicious
175994464,"Right now I'm rereading Feeling Good by _NAME_, MD. Has some pretty good insights into what causes my moods sometimes."
175994465,"that sounds lovely out of all those things you've just described, do you have a favorite animal? a favorite outdoor experience? a favorite scent"
175994466,That sounds cool!
175994467,"Hoping to lose weight with the med changes. I haven't gained anything in the first several weeks, like 3 weeks so that's a good sign"
175994468,Christmas is coming!!!
175994469,I think the gabapentin is helping. Otherwise I'd be a total mess with what's all going on right now. The CPS case worker is dicking us around and my friends girl friend sister and her mother is putting words in the kids mouth.
175994470,I feel like trash though.. I just wanna feel alright I guess.
175994471,I filled my tank but it didn't thread together when I closed it so I had it leak all over again. I redid it but I don't know if I fixed it. I used a new bottle of juice and it was good until I ended up drinking half a tank. I had terrible insomnia last night. Only fell asleep after 5am or something. I wish I could vape right now.
174394458,"I was passing the city next to my old town, stopped in a store and someone told me to smile so I gave a half assed smile and she goes ""See? He's smiling"". ****. I'm just pissed off right now because of this. How can people that live in the middle of nowhere be so social? They're weird. They do nothing. People always did this **** to me. I can't wait to go back to _NAME_. I have a new conviction for small isolated towns. It's ****_NAME_ up. It feels like people are flirting with me socially when they do this like I'm not good enough and they rub it in my face. That's really what it is. Cuz I'm depressed. Whole reason I take phenibut. I thought tripping fixed it but it didn't. Or maybe it's them not me. Or maybe it's anhedonia or schizophrenia, autism. I've just really hit the end of this ****_NAME_ life I have."
175994472,"Hey everyone. I didn't know what to do this morning due to having finished my book, so I thought long and hard and decided to start writing an essay on Striving. My inspiration is _PERSON_, it will basically become the ethics represented in _PERSON_. I thought about it for awhile, but I never put pen to paper because there was always something else to do. TO put the key phrase as it is in the book, 'Man errs as long as he strives"" which is like as long as there is motion there will be friction. This paper might take me a very long time. First im going to create an outline, and then read faust again, then create critique it I suppose. In part two of my book I do _PERSON_ faust but it's not focused on _PERSON_ ethics, which I think is sad because it taught me to not give up. Without the book I would have never have faced my professors and shown up to fight every day."
175994473,I get my abilify injection tomorrow
175994474,I know I shouldn’tve but Asked my mom to buy us a window a/c or something equivalent. She put up a fit about it. It’s ok I guess. It’s not even spring yet and it’s 79 here with the a/c on. It’s just gonna have to be really hot this year for us til mid September. Oh well. Sucks!
175994475,"It's very replayable, after you get through each level you unlock freeplay. There's tons and tons of unlockable characters and stuff, it's like being in hogwarts, the game world is huge. Same thing with the Lord of the Rings/Hobbit lego games"
175994476,HUGS _AT_MENTION_
175994477,I feel very agitated so I smoked weed and it didn't help. I cancelled my therapist appointment this morning because I thought I was going skiing but I was too tired this morning. I then phoned my therapist but it went to voicemail.. I told her that I would show up on the time that I cancelled at.. I'm not happy right now.
175994478,Those items in the pics are so cool!
175994479,Absolutely. I have felt super depressed sometimes when I don't have my caffeine. Try weaning off of it gradually if you want to drink less of it. Definitely don't go cold-turkey though. It can mess with you.
175994480,I took then after getting my refill yesterday
175994481,Hi there. Yes indeed wow. So glad to hear back from you. We started chatting in 2006. A life time ago. I can be reached on face book look for _NAME_.
175994482,"Excellent call, Blue. Sleep is crucial for you right now. Peaceful rest."
175994483,Keep ? mate. HT. Hi bee.
175994484,I spend a while each day just staring at my phone. I feel like I wish I had more going on. Just a boring time I guess. And also depression doesn’t help my motivation level. I wish I could be more of a self-starter these days.
175994485,"No, they cut them all down ,because of covid, they didn't have anyone to take care of them"
175994486,Blue Ray player from Amazon.
175994487,Haha yes I have
175994488,I wish Monday would come already
175994489,"See if they'll let you take metformin. I still haven't asked the damn doctor here because she never comes see me even when I'm sick, but I'm pretty sure they won't do that for me."
175994490,It happens most often when my stress level Is very high.
175994491,"Hi Family! I apologize for not being around the last couple of weeks. We got a new puppy...and while I love her and know it won't always be this hard....this constant attention and training I am needing to do is draining my energy big time. She is not really getting the potty training thing very fast, so I am CONSTANTLY cleaning floors and rugs and taking her outside multiple times an hour. She is also very bitey, and while harmless now, won't be when she is 40+ lbs, so I am also always disciplining against nipping...and it just exhausts me. Please forgive my temporary hiatus. It will not be forever...but I just am just tapped out atm...but will try and be around more and more soon. Love you fam, S.C."
175994492,I wish I could read and watch TV at the same time.
175994493,Egg sandwich and coffee
175994494,How are you feeling about grad school? Better?
174394493,I am sorry this happened to you. It sounds like you were bullied into a diagnosis.
175994495,hey. I'm ok just busy... working and packing up all my stuff again I woke up at 2 50am today and just now laid down so I'm abt to be asleep thank u for asking. hope you're all doing okay
175994496,"I just started experiencing my first severe panic attacks. I've had them before but they usually went away. Seems like my diet and taking a graveyard shift made me freak out, lack of sunlight I guess. I can't seem to calm myself down. Even after I'm ok and not freaking out. I still have trouble breathing. Only positive note, I have an appt with my behavioral specialist tomorrow but he seem hesitant about prescribing me anything for panic and anxiety and only for my suicidal tendencies. I hope he can help me because it is severely impacting my ability to work and function normally. Hope you feel better."
175994497,"I called the job I sent the app to, to follow up with them. They just they will tell the management I called, but they are still interviewing people. I've been trying to call my job counselor for help. He hasn't returned my calls."
175994498,Pizza......
175994499,Just wanted to bump this thread back up so it doesn't get lost. I'm currently still working on the embroidery project I got for Christmas and also teaching myself to crochet.
175994500,Only language option we had in a school was french. I wish I could have learned something else like German or Russian or something. I’ve picked up a little Dutch. I used to know a bit of Japanese too. Would love to learn all sorts of language.
175994501,"I think it does have something to do with it, Oblivion. I like the phrase ""anticipatory dread""; it's on point. It's a way to push back feelings though. Put distance between yourself and emotion. A wall up, as you say. Living at a distance from your body/your emotional-physiological response. Instead of feeling it in the instant (when you're more vulnerable and prone to feel out of control), you think it / feel it before it happens as a way to process it and then compartmentalize it. Then, when it occurs, you aren't as fearful of what your emotions might do to you. It's a form of intellectualization. My husband's a master at it. He's just now recognizing it for what it is, and starting to work on it - at least sufficiently so that he increases his capacity to feel his feelings contemporaneous to the event more."
175994502,"Good to hear that you were calm. Again, while you are being positive and appreciating things, which I think is very good, I hope you remember the state you were in (sobbing and crying and panic attacks) when you first posted 3 months ago. With the added medicine being the difference. You should also be glad you have a good psychiatrist. And also that you are being treated at home instead of a state mental institution 100 miles from your home, with basically no medicine at that institution. Again, you were lucky to be born in an era when they have effective medicines for emotional problems. You said the sound of someone eating, was not from your being bothered by that, but from your father being bothered by that, and at his outbursts if someone ate too loudly. For you said: “And when it comes to the noise thing, I can pinpoint down to specific situations as a child, that has caused me to react this way. I can't stand repetitive sounds, and when I was a child, if I sang a song more than once or ban
ged on a drum or anything that was repetitive, my father would SCREAM at me. The same thing w the eating, I can actually remember having a really bad head cold and having problems swallowing my dinner. You know when your stuffed up and have to kind of gulp air and really choke food down? I was doing that, and my father screamed at me to stop. At the next bite of food, I did it again and he got so angry he told me he wouldn't let me eat if I couldn't eat properly. Those types of moments were frequent growing up. And I think subconsciously, I am so worried about upsetting someone with those types of sounds that I don't want anyone to do that.” When I typed in something like “repetitive sounds” into the search engine, WebMd.com said, “People with a disorder called misophonia have an intense hatred of specific sounds, such as chewing, breathing or repeated pen clicking. These triggers can cause an immediate and strong ""fight or flight"" response in those with the disorder.” Due to, “an abnormality in 
their emotional control mechanism that puts their brains into overdrive when they hear trigger sounds.” When you hear repetitive sounds, it doesn’t bother you, but it bothered your father who would lash out verbally, and now you are so worried about bothering your father, who doesn’t live with you, that everybody has to eat quietly. And you add: “But boy that's a hard thing to break. I'm not making excuses for my behavior, I realize, after, that quite often my reaction is irrational or excessive. I understand that. I'm trying.” How do you eat at the same table? Do we need to get back to being positive when trying to solve a problem? Do you remember any of that? Also, I think, you and your husband should work out a system in which you do not have to scream to get your point across after you’ve made your first request. You do not have to be degraded to that point, nor he. Also, your child does not have to hear that. That’s noise to his ears which you two aren’t being respective of. First, he sho
uld not eat around you if that causes such a reaction. Second, if you ask him to stop, he should stop. Third, if you leave the room he should not follow you. Fourth, you should not scream around your child. You should work out a system in advance of how to handle this. My thoughts are, you’re not Borderline Personality Disorder. You had no trauma in childhood. 1234"
175994503,"I feel anxious. I called door2015, and I just rambled on an on in a minute voice. It’s like I’m unsure of my life right now or idk where I’m going with it. I wanna say “everything sucks” but that’s not true. I feel anxious tho cuz I read people in their 30s are having strokes from COVID-19, on Twitter. I just had to read that didn’t I? Now fiancé wants me to take the dogs out and in my nervousness I cannot. He will be upset. I keep getting noti’s about making big bucks through DoorDash delivery or other places. I feel an obligation to go out and bust my butt working that way, but my anxiety and exhaustion says I don’t want to. I feel lazy. I want to get married. But who knows if it’ll ever happen. Who knows if a full time job will ever happen. Period. My dad doesn’t want me to work full time. I wanna make more money and I also wanna stay busy. Took an ati."
174394507,"saw the doctor today, he upped my clozaril to 400mg"
175994504,Way to go being your own advocate! I'm hella proud of you! Well done! huggles and cuddles _PERSON_
175994505,"Yes I did, and I washed my hair."
175994506,I didn’t get much sleep last night so that could be why I feel so bad today
175994507,So my prescription probably won’t be ready until tomorrow so I’m trying to enjoy my energy and have a few drinks tonight before I stop alcohol for lithium.
175994508,Awesome sharing. HT
175994509,I sometimes feel like I'm a person not worthy of respect because sometimes I don't respect myself So I hope it's not me
175994510,"Holy cow, an ex girlfriend that I dated, who was a psychologist at UofM while I was sick, she just said she'd write a letter of recommendation to the next woman I meet. That was awesome to hear! lol"
175994511,"Well, if it helps, I have no idea who you are besides our beloved Day Tripper on Roll Call. I don't know your name, or how to search for you or any of that. To me, you are Day Tripper. _PERSON_"
175994512,"My answer is different. I've been where your boyfriend is and people have suffered. You need to make it clear that if he is willing to get help (looking into something different) and put effort into wellness, then you will back him to the max, that snapping at you is not an acceptable coping measure, and that you won't put his health before your own, especially if he is not going to seek treatment. He doesn't hate his job, where you live or anything else. He can't like those things when he is sick even if his job was to be paid millions to do whatever he wants and you lived in Tahiti. He is sick. He needs help, but at the point you start becoming sick, a painful but beneficial time apart may be warranted."
175994513,Almost midnight and I’m not sleepy yet. Aaa there goes my healthy sleep schedule
175994514,Hey. I'm literally sitting in the dark in the dining room here. I was afraid of what would happen if I couldn't sleep. The sun rises in an hour tho so I guess it shouldn't be too bad.
175994515,Same!!!!!!!
175994516,I'm gonna stop paying attention to my feelings. I need to be analytical. **** feelings. They're stupid. I got my Invega injection in the butt. But I want to be a musician... I love feelings... I'm ****_NAME_ I'm ok Everything's good Fack.. Oh yeah btw my doctor said that he can prescribe ketamine he's just worried about psychosis so I have to ask my psychiatrist - Which i can't see right now because of the pandemic. I'm gonna do something productive today. Maybe take an extra vyvanse idk. I'm ****_NAME_ I'm ok. It's ok.
174394534,So glad you are better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
175994517,How are you?
175994518,Could this be coming from Geodon withdrawal? It sounds like it might be. My roommate had a similar problem with it. What would really help is gabapentin. The sedation goes away but it still works for migraines.
174394540,I’ve not felt that hungry compared to when I was on zyprexa. Clozapine doesn’t make me hungry like zyprexa but before starting on clozapine I was 180. When I got out the hospital I was about 189. I’m hoping I lost some weight from that
175994520,"Hi _NAME_ as mentioned ""i was brought up in a family whose response was always dramatic and enlarged to any given situation. Everything was made to look like its going to finish us. But my father was not like that , he was usually calm to most things but i guess on the inside he took a lot. He underwent 2 heart attacks , and finally passed away in dec 2012 to an attack after a gap of 14 years of his first one. "" ..yes my Mother and my sister have severe anxiety issues ...my father i dunno maybe he did but didn't show but didn't quite seem like it u said uve been on meds since almost 30 years now ...how old are you?"
175994521,my Catholic study Bible
175994522,Morning! Slept terrible last night. I think I fell asleep somewhere around 3 am. I just couldn’t sleep. Really weird. Not much going on today. Planting my garden and working for a bit. Hope everyone has a good day.
175994523,"Well no. It’s more between my breasts, on my sternum."
175994524,Maybe I'll look through my CBT and DBT workbooks for anxiety
175994525,So Sorry you are not feeling well. I hope you hear back from Pdoc soon.
175994526,I’ll try to post a few more through the week.
175994527,"Yes, took my prescribed. Still need to take the supplements. The pills are so big though!"
175994528,If I stop smoking I can safe $60 a month but I need it
175994529,"Thanks for sharing your story. If I ever get so bad I feel like I need to call them, this gives me a lot less anxiety over it."
175994530,"I went on Inspire today to ask the community about a new and painful symptom that I’ve been suffering from the last few weeks, and it hit me that I’m not getting email notifications any more. I just accepted your friend request and am very worried about you. It’s so hard to be sick and alone. Yes, I would love to be a friend to you. Please message me and tell me more about yourself. I am hyper sensitive to medications and cannot tolerate antidepressants either. I had gastroparesis for about 15 months & dropped below 100 pounds. What I later found out was that the GP was secondary to Sjogrens, an autoimmune disease that attacks the moisture producing glands in your body. It has escalated this past year and I’m miserable. I was seeing a psychologist for awhile. It kind of felt like I was paying someone to be my friend. We could talk about that another time if you’d like. I’d be glad to share what I feel helped me “turn the corner” on the severest of the GP symptoms. Of course, we’re 
all different. I hope to hear from you soon. Again, I’m so sorry for the delay. I’ll have to look into that. Take care and God Bless. _PERSON_ ?"
175994531,I hope everything will be okay.
175994532,I’ve been having a nasty cough but when I went to the doctor nothing was check for it. Not even my high white blood cell count. Basically did vitals and told them my meds have changed since being in the hospital.
175994533,"This reminds me...so Wordpress used to have prompts and now a lot of people have taken over making their own prompts from dictionary words or photo prompts like flowers etc. I think it might be helpful for you to come up with a series of mental health prompts that others can write about then they provide a link to you blog and you comment on their blog....it really helps build traffic comments and likes but you’ve gotta come up with prompts like anxiety or breathing or whatever....it helps to do this at least once a week at the same time, like I’ve got sculpture Saturday...it’s doubled my traffic."
175994534,I don’t get the empty feeling I think because I’ve made a contribution to humankind. My science will continue long after I’ve gone and so will the new scientists and doctors I’ve trained.
175994535,I got a _NAME_ nook plushie from target today. Will post it tomorrow.
175994536,same been happening since may 2020 still is happening had all the tests under the sun. Tried GERD medication with no change what so ever. Going to get a full GI workup and go from there
175994537,Been reading a lot of poetry lately. Bought 2 books on poetry.
175994538,my heart hurts right now. My heart brakes for my friend... when they took away the kids they said daddy don't let them take me.
175994539,"Sometimes it does but not for everyone, and not always. The wrong v's right argument is never absolute. Agreed. I like this quote. It expresses a little of where I am coming from. ' What I must do is all that concerns me, not what people think. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is the harder, because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it. It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude ' ."
175994540,They need to be sure you were laid off not fired....
175994541,"had a horrible anxiety attack last night, lasted like 4 hours. Couldn't sleep"
175994542,I keep wanting to ask about getting off my meds because I'm doing so well
175994543,Thank you!
175994544,Black tea
175994545,"My name is _NAME_. I am 19 years old and live in a waiver house in a small town of Iowa. I have autism spectrum disorder(high functioning), severe depression (for around 5 years), ADHD, Disassociation, and emotional pains. Plus I'm an empath, an _PERSON_ Child, Christian, author,aspiring space cosmologist/historian, poet, philosopher, bisexual, and _PERSON_ Child. Currently I am, and have been, dealing with my guardianship for a year. I have felt so much emotional pain in my life, but the last 4 years has been overwhelming. I_PERSON_ Christian but I fell out in researching the occult for almost 4 years until 2019. In May I graduated, and in June I got a job at Walmart. My stress overwhelmed me. I started working 5 days a week. I could only get myself to sleep 5 hours a day and eat a meal a day. I started hallucinating and seeing shadow people in rooms there were no people in, peripheral vision. I saw like 7 in 15 minutes. A little before the hallucinations kicked in I confessed my love to a friend 
I met in Orcchard Place, the only girl I ever tell in love with. I poured my heart out, but it was unrequited. She never clearly rejected me, but you would need to be stupid to miss it. It broke me and things grew awkward. And I broke down at night in a public empty place and cried for God's name for the first time in my life. I laid broken. I began seeing the similarities afterwards I saw in myself as a child of 7. I began having dreams again, and intrusive thoughts pushed me down certain paths leading to good. I ended up saving a 13yo Chinese girl on Reddit's life from committing the ultimate act. I have felt the lowest of the lows, but never considered suicide an answer, and refuse to forever. I talkrd her through it and check up on her frequently and she is coping better. I have had an effect of revelation and epiphany in people, idk how. I just speak about the conversations in my life or random things, and all of a sudden it's like I clicked something on in their head or my presence did and they change f
or the better and realize something. I found a purpose, helping others , especially with emotional pain- but I could never help myself and my own. Then, I found love on Twitter. I fell for her plows for 2 months into October and got engaged. Turned out she was from Nigeria and 17. I had not listened to my friends previously. They had even hacked her and found nothing on names given and I disregarded my own reverse image search in disbelief. I broke down, but this time I let my pain flow for the first time in 19 years, and 19 years worth of emotional pain flowed through my body. A pain so powerful I doubled over into bed crying shaking and texting my friends for help and support. It hurt in to miday the next day. After that , I felt peace. I am still plagued with that pain for small periods, but they grow stronger each time. It feels like a emotional pain in my chest that grows physical, searing in my heart, a shredding tearring of my soul. And two-three weeks again, something told me in the back of my head ra
ndomly to quick add one certain snapchatter on that list, I did. He has turned into my boyfriend. I love him so much. We have plans to move to Oregon someday. But I feel as long I am not decider of my choices and life and am under rule of a guardianship, my soul will never rest. My soul craves freedom, and since I can't give it, it is breaking it. I'm experiencing pre-soul death. I am currently trying to work toward my freedom. But I hate my pills, I hate humanity for treating me terribly, using me and controlling me - manipulating me. I hate it. As an empath, I feel used. As a young kid at age 7, my pastor said I have an important path predetermined by God in the things that are coming soon, that I was very important - he saw it in a vision. I have seen prophetic dreams, all dealing with the end of the world, all since 7. Since 7, I've known things other kids in Sunday School did not know and stuff that stooped the pastor, stuff about my religion that a 7yo should not know. I was a prodigy. One time I even r
eceived a vision at school in computer lab. I randomly focused in Google Earth Space, into a random sun at a random point. I thought it to be funny to zoom beyond the sun's barrier. I saw something no one else could see. An angel with a trumpet on the led5, a throne with a being on it in the middle, and an alpha/Omega symbol on right side of the throne. I could never find it again, the bookmark was gone the next day. I am unnaturally gifted. I studied psychology and physics in elementary, in 2nd grade I could say the theory of relativity. Sometimes when I snap, internet connection speeds up, things work better for me. And other times, I can control things to go in a straight line without exterior force, like a riding mower. Too much is unexplained in my life. Can someone make sense of me? Plus how does this work, can someone give some support and try answering just why me and what is going on in my life?"
175994546,I'm just walking around the house listening to music
175994547,There was an “alligator sighting” in town recently in one of the ponds hahaha (I live in NY) but it turned out to be a snapping turtle obviously not a gator
175994548,"Through all the things going on in the daily life of a college student, from classes to friends to clubs to standardized testing to financial worries, health worries, career worries, mental worries, social worries. How does one even begin to go about not even fixing, but just acknowledging that there may be something potentially going on in regards to mental health? Everyone around me just assumes that I am happy now, partially because I put on that mask of ""I'm happy and everything in under control,"" because I don't want them to be discouraged about the amazing place that is my school. Mental health isn't really a concept where my parents come from, their communities interpret it as ""unnecessary"" and a ""sign of weakness."" It's not their fault, it's how they were raised, and my parents have been very open to learning more, but I fear the overbearing fear of how they'll be looked at by our community crowds out the important interest I don't even know where to begin in regards to getting better
, and I was wondering if any of you have some kind of advice?"
175994549,Why the **** does my rapist is free and living life while I’m stuck in limbo all of my 20s and 30 hasn’t been kind to me.
175994550,I am doing better now. It turns out I think that I just needed to raise my Effexor back to the level I was supposed to be taking. I am so sensitive to med changes.
175994551,Oh and my sponsored child's favorite subject is English!
174394583,"I'm not going to ignore you. You say things that speak to me, and even if you're ""crazy"" that doesn't mean you're wrong about everything. It's okay to express your thoughts and feelings. I've had sleep paralysis before, it's trippy as **** isn't it? I saw my desk chair turn into a weird thing last time I had sleep paralysis, it struck me as funny for some odd reason but hey we all know I'm strange lol. Demons aren't necessarily evil, but they're definitely misunderstood and can be terrifying. I always thought when watching horror movies with demons in them that _NAME_, the demons aren't very happy to be there either from the look and sound of it. I think about the weirdest things sometimes. Well who knows? You may be onto something. I don't remember being afraid as a child, either ... But again, who knows? No one truly does, what you think is just as valid of a theory as anyone else's in my opinion. Having a high tolerance for fear is a useful tool for you to have if you ask me. Conspiracy theori
es are interesting to me sometimes but like yourself I also find it strange. Shared psychotic disorder makes me think of many things, I always wondered exactly what causes that ... Seems that it could be easily used as a weapon if someone knew how it all worked. I can relate for different reasons (and perhaps some similar reasons too!) The nature of proof is something I've spent many sleepless nights wondering about, actually. Who created the notion of proof? Why is the notion, the very idea of proof what it is? I like talking to you, so I hope you stick around and also that things get brighter for you. Life isn't fair, that's true. Most people suck, that's also true. Reality often doesn't make a damn particle of sense. Psychosis is hell, it's obvious from what you write. You sound tormented. May you find relief."
175994552,"Well benzos are like alcohol, but equally addictive..... Still good luck on the supplements....."
175994553,all of them and some melatonin
175994554,Good _NAME_ Keep Your _PERSON_ Off My Girl
175994555,"Hey _NAME_- For me personally, obstacles to treatment have mostly been me putting it off due to: my own procrastination/laziness, my fear of being judged by my counselor or psychiatrist, my fear of other people judging me for going to counseling, my fear that I’m being “over dramatic” and that I’m just crazy, irrational fear that if I were to seek counseling/get help my life would somehow fall apart (I.E. my rationalizing that I need to be depressed/anxious/have low self esteem to be successful...strange conclusion to draw but somehow I make that connection) etc. Other barriers are work schedule with psychiatrist office hours not as compatible and my general anxiety about taking time off of work (I hate to miss days, and when I’m really anxious and take time off of work I just beat myself up and feel irresponsible). But my counselor is open on weekends so that gives me time, so mostly when it comes to not seeing my counselor I’m just procrastinating for the previously mentioned reasons.
"
175994556,PB&J sandwich and coffee
175994557,"_PERSON_ I hear voices but it isn't as bad as you think it really awfully bad, and I can't always deal with them. So keep the forum running."
175994558,"I planned on doing some reading today, but instead I organized the formatting for my second part of my series with making a table of contents with links to each chapter, and making left and right pagination. This is as important to me as reading because it's externalizing my mind, forcing me to clean up the mess of my thoughts. I see my psychologist for the first time in months. Thank god!"
175994559,There's a lot of ideas in my head. I keep searching up ideas after idea wanting to make the most money somehow as fast as possible or just laugh about everything either way works
175994560,Argh! Possible trigger: I want to SH! I just need to get distracted. But I just keep thinking about it. UGH!
175994561,I'm out of coffee and breakfast tea so I don't have caffeine to help wake me up today lol I'll get some more on Monday
175994562,"keep trying to convince yourself that they are just a delusion and not real, say out loud to yourself this is not real its just a delusion. Say it over and over and over until you convince yourself that you are ok and its just a delusion…try that"
175994563,Happy birthday _NAME_!!!
175994564,"I don't like my therapist. We aren't compatible. She just sees me as the illness rather than a person. I asked her to make an appointment with her for once a week and make an appointment with my psychiatrist and she says ""Why? Can't you just talk to your doctor?"". Well.. My doctor doesn't deal with my Invega injection. Only my psychiatrist does. I wrote down questions to ask my psychiatrist and I just want to have an honest talk with her which includes maybe lowering the Invega injection to 100mg or switching to a different antipsychotic. My psychiatrist makes me feel like I'm being defiant or manipulative to find a way to lower my injection without any reason. It makes me feel completely trapped."
175994565,"Ho cashless. Yep it can happen with an increased level of lexapro. Wise go down, you may require to ride out lexapro a bit as it and the uptake is quicker. Maybe discuss the klonopin as more of a p.r.n or reduced dosage. Keep strong.....keep in discussions with gp. HT"
174394616,"I'm reading Women Who Run With Wolves by _NAME_, and Modern Psychoanalysis of the Schizophrenic Patient by _NAME_."
175994566,I can’t do this anymore!
175994567,"I am doing fine today. Just some general anxiety about the way things are going to turn out and about COVID and things like that. I also am kind of bored since I am on a break from school. I meditated for a total of like 1.5 hours today though. And I am trying to stay occupied. I am making a website for my freelance business. So all in all, I am doing well."
175994568,"Got me a good dinner. _PERSON_ and cheese, and homemade garlic bread."
175994569,"Who, _NAME_? The show was based on a book, I think. Or a series of books. I thought the show got pretty dopey. I liked season 4, though."
174394615,"My bad, the org is called SARDAA, the groups are called schizophrenia alliance"
175994570,Yea 50-150mg seroquel [dose changed up as needed] and 12mg invega
175994571,"My mom doesn't want me going to the doctors office because I there's 7 people in this town that have coronavirus. That's 10x more than the average population. I'll have to get a refill of vyvanse, atenolol and zopiclone within 20 days by phone. There's nothing wrong with me physically or mentally so it should be ok."
175994572,"Going by the description on wikipedia, yes. I think it's somewhat of a language related thing, and I think it first kicked in for me at around 4 or 5 in a noticeable way."
175994573,"It's good to hear from you FR, I'm so glad you're doing well"
175994574,ah I see. Yeah I'd imagine the blood seeing it for the first time would be distressing. Especially when it's the first time you've seen it. I know the first time I started seeing things and stuff (got increasingly worse since I've been in and out of psych hospitals this past 10 years). It just started becoming apart of life. I find voices harder to deal with than visions during the day but at night they're worse but I sleep with the light on or with my mom and look away from what I'm seeing.
175994575,I know this may sound very weird. But losing 2 pounds when I couldn't lost any for 8 months has me motivated to eat healthy again and keep losing weight!
175994576,"Don't worry, you're an amazing artist, you'll figure it out Mistakes are part of learning/growing."
175994577,"I also struggle with OCD. I remember doing things as a child that only now do I realize were symptoms of OCD such as checking the door to make sure it was locked over and over again. My OCD was moderate until I graduated from high school and ever since then it has been ""flaring up"" and then fading only to have a new obsessions then ""flare up."" I recently started seeing a therapist after my OCD became debilitating and my symptoms have improved sooo much. The main treatment for OCD is ERP therapy which you can always try doing on your own first and then seeing a therapist if you feel like you need one. In my experience, most therapists aren't trained in ERP so I am seeing an OCD specialist. Here is an article explaining ERP: https://iocdf.org/expert-opinions/expert-opinion-self-directed-erp/"
175994578,Thanks guys!!!!!
175994579,That show is funny
175994580,I have so much energy brewing in me everyday this past month. For 3 or 4 nights this past two weeks I've been unable to sleep. But I havent been doing anything like manic. I just am taking care of everything I need to. I havent been shopping online or in store. I think I may be talking fast a bit. I'm not being aggressive or angered easily. None of that. Just getting everything I need done. But at what point is it mania or just living a healthy normal life? I hate symptomizing everything about myself.
175994581,Sorry I’m in such a dark place right now.....it’s just spiraling around....
175994582,"I had TD like problems on a few of the APs I have been on. It started in the exact same area for me, also ..."
175994583,I keep meaning to go to the actual grocery store but that is such a pain with all the snow so I keep going to little local stores instead to get by. It's more expensive though. As much as I love snow this is kind of annoying
175994584,"Appointment with my therapist went well. We talked about how I'm getting out more for walks and whatnot and trying to eat healthier. Also about the depressed cycle I went through for a week and how I'm doing good now. There's a new group at the clinic specifically for eating disorders so she recommended that to me because of the bulimia relapse. So she emailed the person there that runs the group and they're gonna contact me. It meets on Mondays at 11. I think that will be something good to have more support because I kept slipping back into eating disorder behaviors for awhile but not admitting it to myself. One of my library requests came in today. I just went and picked it up. They just have desks at the doors of the library you can go to without actually going in to give the person your library card, they'll go inside scan it and pickup any of your requests you submitted online then bring them to you. Super easy."
175994585,"The therapist is the one who tell me about SPD (despite _PERSON_ never have done tests) and he is pretty sure at that, he says that if _PERSON_ si therapy, he can get better, but _PERSON_ is not interested"
175994586,"Yep, just got out. Showered and shaved my head."
175994587,"This is the first time I've used an online support group. My family and I are desperate to help my brother with Bipolar 1 get the help that he needs to live a successful life, but he's resisting help. My brother has been homeless for the past year. A week ago, he went through a psychosis which landed him in an inpatient behavioral hospital escorted by the police. He was released after 48 hours when the doctor that was treating him said something along the lines of: ""I don't care where your brother ends up after this, I don't care if it's under a bridge. He's not suicidal, so I'm releasing him."" I live 1500 miles away and drove to town to help him pick up the pieces when he was released. We are all 3 currently staying at my dad's house. My dad and brother can't be left alone due to their tumultuous relationship. I am serving as my brother's advocate in navigating the social support services, which are entirely too complex. My brother, even after his release from the hospital, is not stable. His sp
eech is slurred, he has no memory, he can't walk without stumbling, and he is incredibly angry. He frankly should not be driving or be left alone. He is so mean and angry and claims that he wants stability, but my dad and I are having such a hard time even speaking to him. He is also masterful at manipulation and tries to make ""deals"" with my dad and I to get what he wants. He has not been able to manage his medications and fights me on when to take his next dose, even though he has agreed to let me help him. I do think he is addiction to his Klonapin. He is in a ""stoned"" state all day. He has no friends, just lost his job, no money, and his girlfriend just broke up with him. The way he is acting now is like a caged tiger. He's angry, he's pacing, but he's also incoherent. He is like a tornado that destroys everything in his path. I am doing my best to help him get his life on track, but at this rate he is going to end up back on the streets. As I said, I have a life 1500 miles away and I know my dad is e
lderly and can't do this alone."
175994588,"https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&issue=2009-11-01&pub=w09&srcid=share This article is wonderful, titled When a Spouse has Special Needs and gives practical advice on how to support and show love to your spouse while still taking care of yourself. Even if you are not religious, the information is timely and applies to anyone and everyone. I hope this helps and best wishes for you and your wife."
175994589,Sounds like you’re doing well I just got a new yoga _NAME_ too. It gives a new motivation.
175994590,I'm hypomanic I think
175994591,I'm so ready to get out of this apartment and into a new one. Should be getting a call within a week. The place I'm getting into is so nice. But the process of moving is stressful even though it's in the same town
175994592,"I think what you are feeling is more of a feeling of dread like you said. I have anxiety and it makes me feel shaky, nervous, scared and not wanting to leave the house. But I have had the feeling of dread too. It is hard to explain. Kind of like I didn't belong on this earth. Things seemed strange. But there were no S thoughts. I hope you get to feeling better soon tpatrick30. Anxiety stinks... Hugs, _NAME_..."
175994593,Because you have to be 'normal'. If you're not you are considered defective.
175994594,I sent it to you through PM here.
175994595,"Start trying to walk a little, _PERSON_--even a little can help you lose weight and build strength and joints."
175994596,There's a hard bump on my shoulder that formed just like the other one. I think the pharmacist has been injecting into my muscle tendon or something - That's why it hurts so damn much. I'm afraid that I'm overdosed on Invega.
175994597,"After the 8 hour sleep, I stayed awake for 3 hours and then slept for 14 hours. I don't think I've ever dreamt that much from taking phenibut before bed. The injection kicked in. Need a coffee to think and write more. I couldn't wake up without vyvanse. I'll be back.."
175994598,Effexor made me Hyper....could not sit still. I take generic zofran for naseau (8 mg). I hope this helps.
175994599,"I got my short story back from my editor. He did a good job at seeing the weaknesses, an gave me some of my strengths. three things stood out the most, one of them being concerning. So a lot of it is based on the concept of the ""Other"" and I purposely didn't gender it because I wanted to be pure without judgment, but that made my editor feel like it was awkward, but I used language as ""Man"", ""Mankind"" everywhere which gendered humanity unexpectedly. So I feel that was sexist. Is it sexist to use the term ""mankind"" and ""Man"" when referring to our entre human collective? When I referred ""God"" I used non binary terms such as ""they"" and ""them"", and even ""it"" I dont mean to gender humanity, it's just how I've always written like that and of course I mean to include women in mankind... What do you guys think?"
175994600,It still looks nice I used to watch Sailormoon religiously. _PERSON_ was a bit like me.
175994601,"I haven't myself. Nor have I sought any vicarious experience through YouTube. The reason is precisely because I too have been a bit of an ""MMO junkie"" in the past. The reason I avoid VR chat is the same reason I moved away from, and now stay away from MMOs; I can't stand the obligation to ""stay connected"" to the people I've met. Especially since I always roll healer (and a damn fine one if I may) so there isn't just a desire to have me around, but almost a demand for my presence. The building of these intricate inner worlds is a concept that has never really resonated with me, either. Maybe I'm just not a creative enough person; I prefer to experience others' works. While I'm not a fan, have you tried Minecraft, Terraria, or some other creative world building game? Seems to me like it would be a fair bit easier than what I assume would involve some level of 3D modelling and/or texture work. On a related note, have you ever given any thought to writing and self-publishing a novel of some sort? I
f you want to build and share an inner world of yours; I would imagine you would have a much greater degree of creative control with a much lower barrier to entry."
175994602,"Question: how do you all describe the ""zombie"" like effects of anti-psychotic medications? I'm feeling zombie like today but when I see _PERSON_ tonight and he asks me how I feel, if I tell him that, he doesn't understand. Maybe I could use words like ""sedated"" but I'm not really sure how to describe it. Thanks! HUGS if you want them, _PERSON_"
175994603,Noooooo... Only Tweaky takes caffeine pills......
175994604,"Going to the grocery store tomorrow instead, also have a dentist appointment tomorrow"
175994605,Over the shoulder boulder holders.
175994606,Can people please back the fck up instead of standing right next me in the grocery store? Like get the fck away bro.
175994607,Why me is the question? I'm asking today. Why was I born is the question? I'm keep asking myself. I sometimes feel like I'm a burden to my mom and stepfather. I feel like this epidemic is starting it to get the best of me. I really can't go anywhere because of this virus going around the world. Has anyone else felt like this before?
175994608,I had ECT in the past. Didn’t help me much and now I don’t remember a lot of stuff.
175994609,"Make sure you aren't doing this in your sleep too. If it gets bad, you can break teeth. I use to do that on occasion. Clench my jaw, not break teeth. Not anymore. But if it gets bad, you can get a mouth guard. I think that is what they call it. Especially if you do it at night when sleeping. Stopping yourself is good. Try not to let it become a habit. I wish you the best. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175994610,Yes Dr. _PERSON_!
175994611,"I disappeared and walked alot, drove cross country, etc. For me it was about the voices. I'd be experiencing something and be involved with the voices. The right meds took me out of it. But as I was coming down I'd go for long walks to avoid bothering the people I was with with my chatter. The right med took a few weeks, the wrong med I was on for months, chattering away."
175994612,"Hi, _NAME_, I hate to think of you in an unsafe area. Is the apt complex almost completed? Are they still able to work on the complex? I know a lot of construction has been put on hold here till ppl can mingle again. Right now, everyone has to practice ‘Social Distancing’ which means ppl have to stay at least 6 ft. away from the next person. It would be terrific if the apt and the scooter would both be ready for w/i the next few weeks? I do hope you hear something soon. On both counts!! I wish you peace and a good night’s sleep. ?? God bless. _NAME_."
175994613,"Sounds like this thread that I started will help you, _NAME_. I hope going back to 1/3 decaf will help you with your anxieties."
175994614,Stressed.
175994615,"Oh I see, normally it would be below the real moon and above the reflection so in between them. Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk"
175994616,My mouth still hurts. Ugh.
175994617,"Have you ever felt like this before, Bambola, or is this something brand new for you?"
175994618,"I'm just ignoring everything today. Have my phone on do not disturb, etc. Nothing to do."
175994619,"Yes this one. Idk if it’s a one time, or long term, diagnosis but I got that once."
175994620,"I wonder if ColorWare will do anything with the switch lite, they make all kinds of custom colored/designed tech"
175994621,"Yeah I have klonopin but I took some yesterday due to that bad panic attack. I mean, I can technically take it up to 2 times a day I just use it very sparingly (once or twice a month for example) and am never sure if I should take it or not"
175994622,Just did my tax returns by myself.
175994623,No problem and hope you get to follow your dreams! As cheesy as it may sound!
175994624,"Some groceries. Bread, bananas, chicken, cereal, and frozen yogurt"
175994625,I'm bored. I still have an hour and 15 minutes left of work.
175994626,Is that a purple petunia?
175994627,I’m scared for my dad. He’s 73
175994628,"It’s interesting that you can also see your unconscious. As in, we have met the enemy and it is us. Were you raised negative? Does anxiety run in your family? Does dizziness run in your family?"
175994629,"I have lived with Bipolar II since my early teens, and have struggled to maintain full-time employment for any period longer than a year. Every full-time job I have had, I have had to leave due to extreme crashes into mixed states/severe depressive states. Because of successful medication changes, I have been stable for three years(!) and have managed to hold down a full-time position at a fast-paced organization in DC for a little over a year and a half. Now I am starting to notice some of my old symptoms creeping back: executive disfunction, inability to focus, impulsive thoughts, etc. I am very worried that I am headed towards a relapse, which would be devastating because I would lose my job and my _PERSON_ and I would lose our apartment and all the progress we've made. Does anyone here have experience working full-time while also dealing with Bipolar? Any strategies to managing symptoms in the workplace? I have not disclosed my condition to my employer, and worry that doing so would damage my s
tanding with my organization. Any advice or support would be appreciated!"
175994630,Pink _NAME_ - comfortably numb YouTube
175994631,"I am glad you got ahold of the doctor. Hopefully you will be feeling better soon. And if the Lexapro doesn't work there are many others. It is kind of scary being on your first antidepressant, but Lexapro is a pretty good medication. I hope you feel better real soon. Keep us posted. Hugs, _NAME_..."
174394706,Yum i wanna try to do a galette some day. Pretty slices of apple. Yummer!!
175994632,Thank you bb! I lost 8 pounds too so far.
175994633,Read for a bit then _NAME_. Inspired to draw some animal crossing stuff tomorrow
175994634,"...who is actively suffering and who would also like to find someone who understands, and can fully relate to the things I'm presently experiencing. I need someone to talk to confidentially who really ""gets it."""
175994635,I feel depressed. I feel like Possible trigger: I wish I was dead
175994636,"There are a lot of aspects of life that are unavoidably social. I'm Canadian, so this weekend is our Thanksgiving weekend, and I have no desire to see anyone for the next three days, but it's not socially acceptable to spend the holidays alone. That's causing me stress right now. There are other things that have to do with professional success, networking, dinner-dances, things that I find very stressful that other people find relaxing. I don't think I'll ever have a social life that I feel comfortable with, or a support system that I can trust. It may not seem like much of an impairment, and I'm probably lucky compared to other people, but you can't always lock yourself away from the world, even if that's where you're happiest."
175994637,Had this turkey pot pie from Trader _NAME_’s that also had stuffing and cranberries ....perhaps sounds a little odd but was really good.
175994638,"Why not tell us a little about them? If you're after a reality check on whether the dreams are unrealistic, it may help to describe them to other people."
175994639,"Tomorrow is going to be a busy day. Gotta: go to family dollar and the library Vacuum apartment clean the bathroom do laundry take out the trash and talk to my supportive housing case manager. May not sound like much, it is for me though"
175994640,"I can tell you that’s absolutely not happening....first you are good not bad, second it’s a total tell of psychosis when we are at the center of everything, most people just don’t care that much."
175994641,"Some reason I don’t wanna work out today. I think I’m just tired. Like sleepy. I had some coffee and I made it too dark. I woke up at 7am but then went back to sleep at 8 and woke up again at 11am. Still feeling sleepy a bit. Waiting for my stuff everyone bought me, to come in the mail this next week. I feel lethargic today. And my med is making me nauseous like every day that it does! Maybe I should just take a rest day on sundays from working out. Makes sense to. I been doing workouts everyday. We may turn our dining room into a gym. I’m still very serious about working out even a week after doing it! I started last Monday. Oh wow didn’t realize Have a good day"
175994642,Strength i send ya my weary mate. Am thinking od ya. HT.
175994643,"Time for some coffee, haven't had coffee for about a week. Will see how I handle it and whether it affects my panic attacks or not. As I said, it's kind of hit or miss whether it will make me feel amazing or make me feel anxious, so I'll hope for the best! I tried not drinking it for awhile to see if my tolerance for it changes, I'd like to get a stronger euphoric response like I used to get from it. That would probably take months away from caffeine to get that again though Edited to add picture: Attached Images C6DDDF8F-CFE7-4185-98CA-2A6BD8B8ED06.jpg (308.8 KB, 9 views)"
175994644,We're locked down again!. My God it just never ends.
175994645,OLD?! This is an insult to many of us. I was in my prime when I was your age. Please.
175994646,It won't last long. You are an inspiration. Although I feel like we're on the same wave length of pregnancy. When will it end? Until we are entrepreneurs and selling 720 things online week..
175994647,"_AT_MENTION_ psychotic, the opthalmologist gave me 2 pairs of really good sunglasses too. They sort of close all the open areas the sun can hit."
175994648,"I have the same thing happening to me, for me its a pattern of forgiving against my will with this white painting, but i felt it had to be stopped, and i talked about it in therapy, because its a childhood pattern i needed some help there to be able to not forgive and have my principles strong enough. Finally someone i can relate to in all schizoid communities, same thing happend to me, and i feel like they either dont understand the severity of what they did or they have no heart, the latter is more believeable considering that they made me who i am in the first place. Its a struggle in therapy, i cant talk about my family, my mind goes blank, its stopping me for seeing them as they are, people simply dont change, they are the same people that made me disordered, i cant expect to have different results when im grown up, and i logically understand it but emotionally it doesnt work, the hope for change is stopping therapy, so i think its just better to leave them behind and move on without them"
175994649,Ugh that sucks. I’ve had times of no power/no water and it’s hard. If it comes to the worst pee in a bucket.
175994650,Any AP will make you crave food like crazy.....so if you’re increasing anything or starting any new then that will have this effect.....
175994651,"I took my prescribed, but not supplements yet."
175994652,Time to join SnapChat
175994653,"_NAME_, #1 Your appearance is not who you are. #2 Kindness to others helps. #3 Loving yourself is the journey, not the destination. It takes patience and persistence. #4 Never give up and never stop trying. #5 It's always darkest before the dawn. #6 The evidence of your self-love is in the small daily achievements like reaching out to help yourself here or comforting another, cooking a nice meal, finding silver linings, and sincerity of heart. Big is not always better. #7 Doubt is a natural component of determination. Embrace it all. ~ cres"
175994654,Philosophy upsets me but I can read technical lol.....
175994655,I plan to sleep at ~2am. I see the doctor at 1:30pm for refills. One sec I'll write down what I need refilled; Vyvanse 50mg 30x Atenolol 50mg 60x Zopiclone 7.5mg 30x Invega Sustenna injection (A couple) Acne cream What else??? I've lost track of my meds! It's hard keeping track of this many chemicals.. I have to write them all down.. 5 more temazepam would be nice (I have 2 left). It would give me incentive to not use alprazolam habitually. What's been up with your sleep? You used to have very good sleep...
175994656,_PERSON_ Pepper
175994657,"Yeah I highly dislike the advice to talk to my doctor, lol, but it's true. All of that means you're right. I need more help."
174394743,It’s really hard to find a good T for psychosis most don’t have the right training..... Do you think a group home will help? Sometimes it’s just important to have other people around......
175994658,"I spent a lot of time last night cataloging all of my items, recipes, and clothing into my ACNH Guide app. (Animal Crossing) My Sims 4 plus Cats and Dogs bundle for Xbox One was delivered today"
175994659,Ugh why am I depressed...
175994660,"I typed in Lexapro in the search bar on the forum. There is a lot of posts from way back on anxiety and panic forum. Just so you know, I think you will find what you are looking for."
175994661,Booty gonna be
175994662,I stopped 8 yrs ago. Depression.
175994663,"Getting a hair dryer next month since I don't have one. That way I don't have to wait for my hair to dry when it gets colder in the mornings after I shower. Speaking of colder weather, I need to go get my flu shot since they're available now"
175994664,Did you talk to your doctor about this yesterday?
175994665,"Took a shower, did some laundry, went through some old paperwork (found out at one point I was dx'd with BPD so that was interesting), ""got rid of"" the rest of my oxy supply, blocked my ex from my phone, and ate some cake. Good day so far."
175994666,I have a good short term memory but bad long term memory. I never remember what I did yesterday.
174394740,"hang in there BB, I'll pray for you. Looked on the clozapine REMS website and it says up to 48 hours from when you fax the info to it being put into the system, so sunday morning by the latest I'll be set"
175994667,Could you go to your apartment? Maybe play some games?
175994668,"Yes, almost exactly this. Except that I do find most people boring most of the time. It's not that I dislike people, I just wish they'd be more reliably interesting so that the work of being around them was more worthwhile. I don't feel like this about everyone, just lots of people. Some people I really like being around, but it's still draining."
175994669,"Yeah, I just got bloodwork done on Saturday. Always a chore but good to do."
175994670,I don't feel too good right now. Possible trigger: Demons want my blood again but all the knifes and box cutters are too dull to get much blood.
175994671,Another panic attack
175994672,That means a lot coming from you. You have it worse than me :/ I hope you're ok <3
174394745,"_AT_MENTION_, My side effects seem to come about two months into the medication and they don't go away. Most people get side effects in the beginning and they subside in about 10 days. Unfortunately mine don't go that way. Buspar-didn't work Paxil-sexual side effects Zoloft-diarrhea Prozac-weight gain Lexapro-sexual side effects and weight gain Wellbutrin-agitation I can't tolerate the SSRI's at all. But tried SNRI and it worked well. I may have gained a little weight but I take so much medications that I am not sure what caused it. I take Pristiq, xanax and abilify. I think an increase of the abilify caused a little weight gain. But when the side effects didn't go away I just switched medications. I have been taking xanax for about 30 years and didn't have any side effects. I have been taking pristiq for 10 years. I switched from effexor when it went generic (which I took for about 15 years). Pristiq is generic now too but I take a kind that seems exactly like the brand name. It looks like it too 
and I think some of it is psychological because it looks like the brand name to me. I tried one that looked different and after two months I was depressed again. So some of it could be in my head, but as long as it works. Luckily I am retired. But it was hard switching medications and dealing with side effects while working. You never know what to expect. I was a housewife most of the time though luckily. I hope your day was good today. I hope I answered your question. Sometimes I tend to ramble. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175994673,Sorry WastingAsparagus. I hope you can get things figured out with your psychiatrist
175994674,"HI again _PERSON_, I have taken Xanax for many years. But I didn't have a problem with addiction with them. I take them prn now. And don't need them each day. I went off completely for a while with no problem. I often take a half instead of a whole one. Maybe your husband's anxiety makes him need more. He should talk with his doctor. I hope that things work out for the best for you both. Hugs, _NAME_..."
175994675,How long does it take moderators to show your posts
175994676,That's probably a good idea to increase it if you're not doing well Hopefully it helps
175994677,There should be same day plumbing supply delivery like Uber eats but for toilets......
175994678,_PERSON_ isn’t working so we can’t get on. At least for me and a couple other people.
175994679,"It took me until 3am to go to take a zopiclone (Because I don't want to be dependent) because I was thinking craaazzyy racing thoughts all night long. I was thinking about my deeepp ddeepp past.. analyzing everything.. I woke up in the morning with the sun on my face and birds singing thinking ""I'mma kill those damn simulation birds""."
175994680,"Yes, this exactly! If you are worried about it, you probably clean enough."
175994681,Nice! Glad you enjoyed it.
175994682,Picked up a box of assorted _PERSON_ truffles. It's 16 degrees out right now. But sunny so it doesn't feel that cold. Going to the evening mass later tonight
175994683,"Same as _AT_MENTION_, meditation increases the frequency and volume of the voices. I tried some guided meditation with a therapist a couple years ago, and I just wanted to vault out of that chair and hit him over the head and tell him to shut the fark up. (I didn’t know that s-t-f-u is in the censored list. _PERSON_, seriously…)"
175994684,I was trying to read the latest posts here an hour ago before the Dexedrine kicked in. I couldn't read.. Now I'm good. Things r good. I will continue with my book today. I went to bed early cuz of my OCD thoughts. I can't wait until psychedelic therapy is legal. It will be a long time (Maybe 10 years) and I want to be apart of it. The world I think will be really cool in 2030 unless humanity ****s up.
175994685,"Thanks SP, this motivates me to keep going"
175994686,So I am 23 years young. But I feel like time is just flying by me. I am in a very happy relationship and have no kids(yet.) I live a happy life. But I get thoughts/episodes all the time and I freak out and start crying for no reason and I can’t stop these thoughts. Let me explain a little bit. So tonight I had an “episode” (as I call it.) I have them all time but this is the first one in a couple of weeks. So I’m laying in bed trying to get to sleep and all of the sudden I start thinking about my life and how I feel as if I’m not doing enough. I mean I have a steady full time job that I love. I do volunteer work. And I help people whenever they need it. I have a very happy relationship and wouldn’t change a thing about my life. But I feel like I’m not doing anything useful with my life and time is just passing me by and I’m not living my life to the fullest. Which brings me to my “episode.” As I’m thinking about time passing me by I start thinking about how I’m getting older 
and not having any kids yet. —I know I’m young. Everyone tells me that it’s okay to wait to have kids. And I understand that and I’m okay with it but when I have episodes it makes me feel as if I need to start having kids now or it’s to late. I feel as if I wait to have kids I’m going to be to old And not be able to see them graduate or get married and have kids if they choose etc. I don’t wanna be the “old” mom I guess kinda thought. I don’t know. But as I’m thinking about that I start to think about my S/O and I growing old and thinking about if he passes before me I’m going to be alone and have no one and vice versa. I just start thinking about how if that were to happen that I wouldn’t have him to talk to anymore or have anyone to do anything with or share jokes with and being alone in our home. Sure we might have kids/grandkids then but they wouldn’t have the bond/understand the feeling of sharing those things with my S/O. I get that kids and grandkids can stay with or visit b
ut it’s not the same. I get thoughts like this all the time because I just start to imagine us old and then being alone. And I start thinking about my sisters and how they are gonna pass before me and how alone I’ll feel without them. And how her kids are gonna take it. And I start thinking about my S/Os family the same. And I just start crying. And I can’t stop. When I have these thoughts it makes me feel as if time is slipping away and passing by and I’m losing my life minute by minute and soon it’ll be over. So I’m laying here tonight crying and thinking these thoughts and I don’t want too. I have no one to talk to about this and I feel as if no one will understand. I feel like I’m the only one to do this. Everyone tells me all the time that I’m “23 years young and I still have about 60 years to go” but I feel like that “60 years.” Is going by way to fast. It last for upwards to an hour or two. I have to calm myself down by saying you shouldn’t be having these thoughts and think
ing about what I have now and goals that are set. And then kinda forcing myself to go to bed just to forget about it. I guess I’m terrified of growing older. I’m terrified of having the people I love around me passing away and me being stuck all alone. I’m terrified of passing away. I don’t know. I don’t know what to do anymore. And I just need to vent about it cause it’s getting to hard to hold in and too hard to not have anyone to talk to. I don’t have anyone really except my S/O And my sisters and we’re not that close. I don’t really have friends and I’m scared that I’m always gonna be alone. I don’t know....... that’s all for tonight I guess I can’t type anymore through the tears and tryin got calm my self down.
175994687,No antidepressants have helped yet
175994688,"I've been asking them to charge my vape since last Thursday, and it never happened. Hopefully they are charging it now, I completely drained the battery."
175994689,What color did you get this time?
175994690,I'm gonna ask my psychiatrist for lamotrigine.. It can decrease depersonalization dissociation from ketamine so it must work for dp/dr.. Has anyone been on Lamictal? (Sorry if I asked before - I forget). Right now I'm listening to _PERSON_ talking about digging tunnels under LA..
175994691,"I find drinking black coffee helps me with my junk food cravings for some reason, since I love coffee and without the sugar and creamer there's not a bunch of calories. Drinking water too. I understand though, I have horrible cravings for junk food almost constantly, especially desserts, I have a major sweet tooth."
175994692,"Well, got a little manic earlier today and now, wide awake at midnight. I have been going to sleep at 10ish most nights for the last week, so def a bit up. It is fine. I will sleep when I sleep. Hugs!!!!!!!!!!"
175994693,"Played Lets Go _USER_ID_, beating more of the Master Trainers"
175994694,I seem to be doing pretty good. I was able to accomplish two small goals that mean a lot to me & I feel happy & relieved.
175994695,I'm so hungry today for some reason
175994696,Bread Peanut Butter Jelly 3 Spaghetti meals Green tea Coffee
175994697,I accept any criticisms....
175994698,Haha!
175994699,I had some similar things when my anxiety/panic started getting really bad. I hope it will get better soon. Sent from my Nokia C2 Tennen using Tapatalk
174394772,"Wikipedia: (not empirical I know, but if you web search the terms, lots of proper research papers come up on it) Yet, while drugs like speed and coke are more likely to cause psychosis as opposed to something like pot, pot is the drug most likely to genetically trigger (those predisposed to it) an ongoing/permanent psychotic disorder. ^ That's a big difference and is counterintuitive to the theory. Your experience also hits upon points that poke holes in dopamine hypothesis. I've already said earlier in the thread I don't like it. Sensory gating atypicalities yes, but not dopamine hypothesis Also, close to every antipsychotic is a dopamine antagonist, yet anywhere you look, it seems like the numbers are way too low to be as dopamine related as they claim (and it's not considering the people who have developed ways of functioning with psychotic symptoms, but keep it to themselves due to _USER_ID_, etc): https://www.nationalelfservice.net/trea ... coreboard/ I read 1/3 as effectiveness elsewhere. I'd 
say I'm a decent example of that. The ones I remember being on: seroquel, zyprexia, risperidone, chlorpromazine, nozinan, zeldox, abilify, loxapine, haldol Psychiatrists have noted that, with me, the drugs don't particularly do anything - other than lobotomize me chemically. Psychosis is a coping mechanism and response to life for me at times. I acknowledge that antipsychotics can be vital to the treatment for some people and it can be downright dangerous to stop them without medical supervision"
175994700,"Have my switch charging now, will likely play some of Graveyard Keeper tonight and a little Stardew Valley, then back to Pokemon tomorrow"
175994701,Had oatmeal for breakfast
175994702,"Since my last payment towards the bill I owe my college is next month, I'm going to start saving to buy a new pair of glasses because a lot more money will be freed up after then. I'll just need to get a copy of my prescription from my eye doctor so I can order online from Visionworks. Trying to prioritize what I need to buy. 1st will be new glasses with my updated prescription (it changed slightly) 2nd will be a new laptop, an Asus Chromebook so I can use it for my online classes when the fall semester starts 3rd will be a new/or refurbished iphone X, since mine dies very fast and is a really old model of iPhone. 4th. I'll start saving for that new tattoo I want."
175994703,"Saw u bb, on switch early this morning."
175994704,"I can't quite get comfortable today temperature wise. It's a bit cold without the space heater on but with the space heater on I get a bit too warm. What I need is a blanket but since I am at work, that isn't going to work. Lol. It's basically my feet that are cold. I need better shoes."
175994705,So my mom is going to try to lose some weight and I want to try to lose some as well. I have gained weight this past year. I’m just going to try to do it without weighing myself or count calories. Just... trying to eat a little less. Workout more. It’ll come naturally if I do that.
175994706,"same weather here, I haven’t been outside....."
175994707,"Yes I’m excited! And I have to call my pdoc maybe the nurse actually. I’m swamped by things to do. So I don’t have much time to reply here. But also, I’m not getting noti’s for _PERSON_ anymore, so if I don’t answer someone soon, I’m not ignoring anyone!"
175994708,Learned about cryptocurrency and investing then watched Netflix. I don't feel well though mentally. I'm having existential dread.
175994709,"I did a guided meditation for the first time in a long time and I feel a lot better after doing that. I am super glad I did it. Anyway, I'm kind of tired today. It's fine... I will go to bed in a while. Feeling pretty decent today."
175994710,I'm just quoting this so _PERSON_ sees the reply I gave her and so others can see her post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut-fJCc ... Q&index=80 This always makes me happy.
175994711,Pot roast is in the oven......
175994712,"If you get a chance, provide a synopsis of the YouTube video. I hate sitting through videos"
175994713,"I’m not sure what’s at the grocery stores here since I haven’t been in awhile, but I’m going on the 2nd, would rather not but have to, hopefully there’s not too many people on the bus"
175994714,Sorry bluebird.....I can’t imagine the police ever being after you unless it’s to give you a good citizen award
175994715,"I am the mother of a 31 yo son with bipolar 1 disorder. He's had four hospitalizations in five years. He's been severely depressed for the past two. I've suggested this site for him, but he won't do it. But today I had a breakthrough. He responded very positively to the new wellness wheel that dbsa.org just put out. It's divided into seven domains of behavior that you rate yourself on and fill in squares as you make progress. It's evidence based. Anyway, I was so happy he was willing to look at it that I thought perhaps you might be interested. Also, I have an anxiety disorder my whole life. But since covid, my sleep schedule is just a wreck. So I agree with others here that this has been an unusually cruel and stressful time that wrings it out of us. I can't fall asleep and I'm up until 1 or 2 am every night. Let's hope we find a better and more supportive society on the other side of this. One can always hope. I wish you better luck with your meds. They are essential. Try to get out in nature if 
you can."
175994716,I am good this morning. I am just listening to music. I think I was designed to be a musician or writer or both. I like music so much. I am in awe of lots of music like every single day.
175994717,I still have a bit of anhedonia
175994718,"Saw this on FB, had to share here lol Attached Images Sockss.jpg (64.0 KB, 7 views)"
175994719,Stationeries and Chocolate muffins.
175994720,I bought magnetic lashes like a month ago or so. Maybe 2-3 weeks ago. Gonna try them on now. They said they had people with alopecia order.
175994721,"My doctor called me and said we can talk about other options at our next appointment. So I'm stopping the metformin. I don't know what other options are out there, I'd prefer to not have to start another med, but at the same time am scared I'll gain all the weight I lost on metformin back. It was a like 18 lbs, so not really that much, but still"
175994722,@ slither either you're inherently brilliant or completely insane because I can never figure out what the hell you're talking about.
175994723,What’s your med cocktail now?
175994724,"I'm so sorry you are experiencing these things. I have voices, but no shadow figures. That would freak me out, omg!!"
175994725,I took my medication again this morning.
175994726,"You’re not. Sometimes we get down days, but like I have to remind myself, they don’t last forever and they are just a sign that we arent doing well sometimes."
175994727,"Yes I did, even the fish oil."
175994728,"Here she is Attached Images E74CC299-5B6E-4B8B-AAA1-46EB45DF1D46.jpeg (94.6 KB, 12 views)"
175994729,"Remeron mainly works like diphenhydramine and Seroquel by blocking histamine receptors.. So apparently it only works for about 5 weeks. I'm still willing to try it.. If it stops working, I'll use Trazodone. 15mg is supposed to be the best dose and 30mg causes it to decrease in it's sedative effects like how 50-100mg Seroquel is better than 150-250mg of Seroquel for sleep. I didn't take it last night because I fell asleep at 6pm and woke up at 8am (14 hours of sleep - Cuz I only slept 6 hours the previous night) but I'll take it tonight. The Vyvanse woke me up nicely (Sometimes it doesn't) this morning and combined with the good sleep, I feel amazing. I just need to get to sleep and be able to wake up.. It's like my brain isn't able to transition from waking state or sleeping state on it's own.. This is the sunniest day I've seen in like a year! Not a cloud in the sky.. I'm going skiing and we're bringing the BBQ up with us to cook hamburgers =]"
175994730,"You think so? So then, do you think some people just don't have that imprinted upon them? I would think that's actually a very good thing almost like an immunity. It would be a component of the people who create change. There was a conversation elsewhere that leaves me thinking obedience is more important than morals and the term ""moral"" isn't even about what's ""fair"" or right for other's wellbeing but rather obeying said authorities or social norms. I need to learn more on that term I only know it under one context. Again, if manageable, that type of sieve is a really good thing. Apparently, dopamine controls how many holes or how big the holes in the ""sieve"" are. Cortisol. Even with psychotic breaks, they wonder if the damage is actually a result of stress hormones rather than the break. Not only that, but they find antipsychotics damage the grey matter similarly to psychotic breaks or stress hormones. Yes, I remember when antipsychotics were classified as major tranquilizers whilst minor t
ranquilizers were benzos and barbs. I believe the connotation of the term interfered with them trying to pretend they promote psychosocial rehabilitation. I think you're saying odd beliefs have to be ingrained into one's personality rather than an episodic - abeit it regular - part of one's life that comes out in times of stress or anxiety. I was thinking that perhaps they enforce the filters for the 1% If you disagree, where do you think the cultural/mood of the time comes from? I truly hate connecting this to humanism. The polarity of it is out of control and, agree, dangerous. This can transfer to more than feminism in the human ""rights"" fields. I learn of it in the classes I take, but they talk about what's currently trendy for social justice rather than applying logic sometimes. Learning through a psychology lens is a tad more realistic where I'm at. So much more schooling that route though. I'm extremely curious what you mean by, ""The current forces of darkness are a particular brand of dangerous tho
ugh for this""? ""Defined himself a sovereign individual""? When and as opposed to what? My mind's going all biblical here. Very much so. I wonder where this ""stiffness"" comes from and what it may say about neuroplasticity. ^ Given the difficulties of adapting and then returning back to where you originally were, yet being able to adapt again with some reintegration effort. Repetitively. Lol, very much so. I can be quite insightful and so clueless at the same time. People get angry with me thinking I know better or am being lazy or defiant when I truly don't know what I'm saying or doing (or not saying / not doing) wrong. My whole life. That being said I am relatively defiant, contradictory and stubborn by nature, so that may not help. Interesting, I asked because you called others you have to try to communicate with primates. But you mentioned tying together (as did I) and freezing your communications in a way they could understand - yet you also mentioned frozen meals that you'll eat if necessary. Due to 
the frozen dinners you mentioned previously that you'd eat if necessary, I wondered about whether Polar Bears ate carrion as well. Do you idealize emotions, then? I devalue them, but then again, life itself is more a form of poison to me rather than a meal. I definitely agree ideas can form connections, but I find when contrast or idealization creates the emotion it can cause disconnection once stabilization occurs. What is it about polar bears and ice? Has that stuck with you? I think it's fitting in the sense that symbolically water and land represent different states of consciousness and levels of awareness and polar bears are adept at existing in and switching between both. Something primates will never be able to do. Same with a primate's inability to tolerate adverse conditions such as the freezing cold. It aligns nicely with the talk of sieves, filters, creative ways of thinking and believing etc."
175994731,Yeah maybe I should just accept that with myself lol. I like to try to be limitless cuz my brain is always sleeping. I'm a ****ing stressed sloth.
175994732,Oh I do like metal too. I just have to be in the right mood.
175994733,It all started off when I used to go trampolining. It just looked funkier. What movie's this then _PERSON_?
175994734,I figured out before my insurance my meds are about $178 a month. With insurance I haven’t paid anything so far this year. I might have to pay 10% near the end of the year.
175994735,last week I had a major panic attack...I mean like running around the house wanting to call 911 level panic attack. Since than my confidence is way way down. Had been a year since I had one like that. I just can not seem to pick myself up and that in itself is scaring me. I am tired and question every feeling thinking something is wrong. Does anyone else feel episodes that last a bit? Thanks.
175994736,help :( i feel like im at the end of my rope
175994737,Probably the national guard.....
175994738,"mmm *nods* join the club... I've always been, also. Huh, what? are my two most used words. Think _NAME_ mom in _NAME_ Wedding ."
175994739,"Dinner tonight is going to be steak, dirty rice, and vegetables I was up till 2:30am watching Fantastic Four and also some of King Kong. I feel well rested though for some reason. My mood is good. I can't wait till I find out my ancestry dna results once I get the package then send it back to them. That will be very interesting."
175994740,It’s great . You should do a rap version but also hold onto the instrumental cos both would be good. I liked it. Listened to the whole thing.
175994741,I tried CBD oil hoping it would help with my anxiety and sleep. It has not helped. Benzodiazepines work great for me but I take them extremely rarely because I wa t to avoid dependence. I’m interested in the 75CBD/25THC MCT oil. Seems like it would be a try. I don’t mind a slight high but I don’t want more than that. (Don’t want it to backfire and increase my anxiety). Is there a particular brand you know of? Thanks.
175994742,"So, just in case you guys were wondering... As I explained to SP... The price of that school (Harvard Extension School) is the same cost as a regular public university. Because it’s taken online. I looked it up and apparently anyone can apply but getting actually accepted is the hard part. As with any university or college. It’s not Harvard college but it’s one of the 12 or 13 degree-granting schools at Harvard University. Which the typical Harvard is part of and is one of the schools. Along with the law school, business school, medical school, etc The reason it’s cheaper is because it’s online and it’s for non traditional students. Students who already have careers/families. But they do offer bachelors degrees. And it’s actually not 100% online. You have to take so many classes in person at Harvard College to finish. So apparently I’ve read people travel to and from Cambridge. Anyway. I’m only in stage 1 of the application process which is very strict and strenuous."
175994743,It's great to have online friendships if that works for you. Whatever works. It does take energy to make a new circle of friends in real life. Just because you have your online friends doesn't mean you have to abandon it though! As I read your post there's still a lot of room for growth if you can take it slowly! Sometimes it's one person too that can lead you into a new circle. It does take effort. This isn't advertising. I wrote this but it's applicable to this thread because I don't think anyone with schizoaffective disorder writes all that much about this. Rebuilding Social Skills After a Psychotic Break | The Mighty
175994744,You know what I haven’t worked on in months? My sketchbook project.
175994745,My mom takes it. She has to take the generic due to her insurance but she says the brand name works better.
175994746,"This is what they look like Attached Images 9EE8E990-3BBC-4146-9B7E-6B86B7779DDB.jpeg (62.9 KB, 10 views)"
175994747,"Rich, Great job on faithfully going to meetings! I am so glad that it is such a powerful coping skill that you have kept up with. It makes me happy to hear that you come away from them with hope! Keep up the amazing work...and I hope that the home sale process goes as smoothly as possible! _PERSON_"
175994748,"_NAME_, I do talk a lot, for some reason. Especially in class, The older i got the less reserved i have gotten in classes, the hunger for learning overtook my anxiety. My sister gave me a whole list of things that get on her nerves, like making a statement that sounds like a question. I do sound unsure of myself in large groups. My voice in general makes me sound like a mouse.Post Edited (_USER_ID_) : 5/3/2020 5:40:05 PM (GMT-6)"
175994749,Got ahold of my doctor. Appointment on the 22nd. Just have to be a trooper and take my meds until then!
175994750,Everything except my evening supplements
175994751,Hi I would suggest you make an appointment with your doctor and see what they say. _PERSON_
175994752,"I only take geodon once a night in the evening with dinner. So maybe this is withrawal since i barely had any thing to eat yesterday with my geodon, like half a burrito with it. Today I ate enough with my geodon though. It could also be that the past two night I haven't taken Seroquel or my benzo like I normally do before bed because they don't help me sleep anyway usually. But last night I only had a few hours of sleep and woke up at 330am and couldn't really fall back to sleep. Good to know when I do increase my Trileptal I may have stomach problems. I'll up it starting Friday when I see my psychiatrist. Thanks guys."
175994753,I was gonna go skiing with my sister and her friend this morning but I was way too tired. I needed more sleep. I went to bed at 1am. It annoys me and makes me upset that all I was doing was listening to music and chatting on discord - Cuz I don't know what to do about my future. I can't prioritize my time.
175994754,"Morning! Guys please watch this, it’s only 1 minute and it got me rolling on the floor YouTube"
175994755,I hate inspections with a passion.
175994756,Kind of peeved because my course director at the university isn't even responding to me anymore. Oh well.
175994757,"I have been in treatment for anxiety and depression for about 20 years, and diagnosed for 11. I do regular counseling and am on several meds for anxiety and depression. I recently started Effexor because I felt like the Lexapro I was taking was no longer helping. Now, instead of feeling like I don't have energy and just want to sleep, I feel anxious. I am wondering when are meds determined to be not enough? When are alternative treatments discussed/considered?"
175994758,went and got the right blood test done today. Second time in four weeks they have messed it up
175994759,"Yeah, I don’t see anyone that I actually “talk problems out with”. No therapy or anything like that. It’s mostly just a few questions from the pdoc(the same ones every time) and then I’m given prescriptions."
175994760,"When I feel out of control of a situation I turn to hobbies, or prayer, or walks to alleviate anxiety."
175994761,Not at all i can see that you're asking this out of empathy I am studying medicine... I don't work and i live with my parents I am single and gay which makes it _NAME_ on top of secrecy
175994762,I just feel distressed from all these thoughts. If it’s not my mental health issues it’s my gender issues and dysphoria. Like now my mental health is under control these other feelings come to the surface. I can’t seem to catch a break. It’s frustrating.
175994763,"They put me in isolation for part of the evening yesterday with a security guard outside the door. I thought the police were gonna come and handcuff me too. Now I’m at the ward...the possessor seems to have quieted down...for now. I’m scared of everything and everyone. The voices were talking maliciously at me with intent to do bad things, ordering me to do bad things. Someone will murder me here. Now the gatekeepers will use this against me. I hate everything."
174394863,"im sorry about the problems those of you on clozapine experience. it really is an effective, sometimes life changing drug. i declined it, because i do well with a different 'atypical' and i just...was scared, basically...but ive known people who did quite well on it, better than on anything else. in the big studies, I think zyprexa comes in 2nd in terms of improvements in quality of life and symptom control. i could be mistaken."
175994764,hey there Tweaks
175994765,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BCEk68lY3c&feature=youtu.be
175994766,I used to dream about running from tornadoes all the time.
175994767,Yeah I hope you find a way to pay it off _AT_MENTION_ Glad you are back home!
174394865,"There are certainly certain mental illnesses that require medication. For example, schizophrenia. And some patients with anxiety disorders and/or depression will benefit from medication. But other patients will do just as well or better with (only) CBT or other psychotherapy, without having to endure the side effects of medication. And the benefits of psychotherapy may be more enduring than the benefits of medication. There have been a bunch of studies that address this issue. Here’s one, just as an example: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2748674/ Post Edited By Moderator (getting by) : 10/20/2019 1:48:42 PM (GMT-6)"
175994768,Pharmacy school......
175994769,Wow I have exactly what u have u described it perfectly i needed u when I went to see my neuro ophthalmologist lol low lighting or not I see it too once a dr told me that I'm very hyper aware of my vision cuz of what I see so maybe it is normal lol idk I dont remember see ing at all before 12345
175994770,It’s never to soon to talk to someone......
175994771,Depression
175994772,"Yeah, the thing was my doctor at the time ignored the problems I was having, I was shaking like I had parkinsons, extremely sick, walking around probably looking like I was drunk, falling for no reason, and other stuff etc. Her solution was to keep increasing it lol It went on for a couple weeks and one day I just ended up calling an ambulance and then I don't remember much of the 8 days after that, except a few brief moments of when a seizure started and then some physical therapy afterwards when I got out of the ICU"
175994773,I think about this often. But I think for me I aspire and dream big too much to want to stay on disability.
175994774,I have severe ocd and seraquel only helped with sleep. After a year I wake up all thru the nite. I'm on 325mg. and obsess about everything. Maybe it will work better for you! Luvox does not seem to be working. I have terrible depression too. Let me know how you progress. _NAME_.
175994775,"Good Morning Drifter Welcome to Inspire! Your post has touched me, and if there is any possibility that I can help....I will be here for you. Can you tell us what happened 5 years ago when the panic attacks first started? What was going on in your life at that time? To pull a weed one needs to get to the root."
175994776,"My sisters making ham, roast beef, and some turkey and all the sides"
175994777,Hopefully everything will go more smoothly today for my friend dropping off my new ejuices. I really pray it will be. I'm out of ejuice here. I have a list of things I have to consult the SW about but my anxiety is too high for me right now. I wish I could go home.
175994778,Sunflower... you need help. You need to see a specialist. This sounds like a clinical depression w anxiety.... you need to get help. Go talk to someone. I’ve been on Zoloft it has been a life changer. Things will come back to how you were.... this is the disease speaking. Promise me you go get help! Xo
175994779,Got a sort nap after PHP yesterday but didn't sleep at all last night... Supposed to see the doctor today. Gonna ask for a med change. Thinking of requesting thorazine. I hate requesting specific meds but I need an antipsychotic that I know works for me that could also help me sleep... And thorazine fits the bill.
175994780,"I think I know why my akathasia is acting up. I need to lower the Geodon, and the short half life is why the akathasia goes away around 12. I think I figured out the whole psychosis, at least the current one. So if I can just keep myself above water I should be better. However, I have a plan to lower my Geodon regardless. I can start it any time, and take my sweet time doing it. 3rd day in a row I've worked 9.5 hours. The crew hasn't even been eating lunch because we're so busy. At least we're busy though... Still waiting on my editor to pass the baton so I can finalize my new short story. Until then though, I will be compiling a poetry collection of classic poems."
175994781,Evanescence - Call Me When You're Sober
175994782,"Hi everyone, I'm new to this group and I'm looking for new ideas/coping skills for people suffering with Covid-19 PTSD."
175994783,I think we have the same pack of colored pencils!
175994784,M and M cookies.
175994785,"It's okay _PERSON_. I wasn't offended. I just wanted to point out that people are in different periods of their life, some are going through hard times, others doing well, there's no way to know for sure what a person is or isn't doing to help their mental health. I used to be the person always posting about positive things and whatnot, now I'm where I was 7 years ago when I was first dx'd, didn't expect things to turn like that but things will get better"
175994786,I kind of walk obsessively
175994787,"Sometimes, it depends. Sometimes I do sometimes I don’t. I’m not sure why it’s like that for me. Sometimes it makes me feel really good and energetic and great but it can also make me really anxious other times."
175994788,"A salad, carrots, and a piece of wheat bread w/ hummus on it"
175994789,"Have you tried calling local docs to see what they can work out payment? Applying for Medicaid? I agree with those above, there are many nonlife threatening things that can cause them. I’ve had them during infections, even have had them show up in my abdomen on CT scans when I had a crohns flare, so inflammatory responses of any type can make them swell."
175994790,If a celebrity was in love with me I'd tell him/her to f off You could be getting false signals though
175994791,Do u have an iPhone?
175994792,"They told me this morning that we're back on lockdown (I think we were off it for maybe a few days but I have no idea.) So far, for two more weeks because a staff member tested positive for covid. I'll be lucky if I ever get to vape again. Or breathe fresh air, or flowers."
175994793,"Movies I liked: American Beauty The Grand Budapest Hotel WarGames Capote (by _NAME_) Drive (by _PERSON_) The Birds, and Psycho Woody _NAME_, many movies The Tall Man Birds of Prey, and Joker ...many others. I don't like _PERSON_. -- Fri Jun 12, 2020 10:15 am -- * _NAME_, season 4: I liked the last three episodes."
175994794,"I hope things improve for you soon My seroquel was increased to 600mg but it was a couple weeks ago, I'm doing well today though"
175994795,"Welp, I left my lunchbox at a women's house we're painting. I have 3 empty beer cans in it... So... Yeah, That's not good at all. I have a lot of anxiety because I left it there. I'm very mad with myself right now."
175994796,Oh I didn’t realize...i thought you said they didn’t take your pee?
175994797,I feel like everyone hates me that I’m annoying everyone.
175994798,"It is very important to have confidence as a writer. Good for you, newtus!!!! Do you have anything published I could read by chance?"
175994799,This is good news!
175994800,"Nope. It snowed here for a few hours this month, like a week ago. Other than that, no. Just rainy and cold. Sucked. Wish I didnt have to work today but I did. But yea, and tomorrow too, and then I'm off! So it's all good! I really need to buckle down on that sketchbook. I only have 1 more week left to do it."
175994801,"Hi _NAME_, I would encourage you to continue to seek answers to your breathing issues from a medical standpoint. As you say, it is pretty telling that a benzodiazepine doesn't give you any relief. I really hope that you find the cause of your issues and that it is an easily treatable one! Keep us updated if you care to...and know that if you do end up needed anxiety support, that we are here for you. Best wishes! _PERSON_ Cat"
175994802,Chili is cooking now
175994803,"Not stronger than you, just not currently struggling with that, I have an eating disorder too but I've been doing good with it lately. You're struggling with yours now but that doesn't make you any less strong"
175994804,"Ready for bed, it's been a long day"
175994805,Good morning! Just took a shower. Going to the grocery store a little later. Drinking coffee now. Excited about life.
175994806,"Making tacos and nachos from scratch tomorrow. For cinco de Mayo. Mostly. I don’t have corn tortillas to make the nachos so I will use regular store bought tortilla chips and just flour tortillas. But everything else will be from scratch. I will have to melt the cheese and crush up some jalapeños, etc. Also, make the salsa/pico de Gallo. I wanna get some pan _NAME_ too."
175994807,Had a mind rest then fell asleep
175994808,"Thank you both. Haha now don’t get me wrong, I’m not running marathons here or doing intense workouts. I just found that a nice jog gets me out of my head and helps a bit overall with my anxiety. The combination of that, plus not wanting to gain all types of weight like I did when I was on lexapro before, I just want to make sure I am at least a bit active this time around. I’ll check with my doc for sure. Thanks again."
175994809,"Hello, reading some of the comments here, I noticed that most people acknowledged that something is wrong about how they starve or not eating as it should be. I see that as a first step on the way eating disorder resolution."
175994810,"Ya hing, ya bing, ya ding, ding, dong"
175994811,"This is the morning that I've become enlightened like the Buddha. More than ever.. But it doesn't matter much.. I'll always keep learning things and having ""Aha"" moments. My cat keeps bothering me. I don't know what she wants... Now that is out of the way, the physical and the metaphysical are a relationship. Science, spirituality.. They will never be separate - But they work with each other. You realize how to be happy after you realize that you are, - ARE. The ""I"".. It takes work. It's like exercising.. You exercise and then your mind wanders.. That's not good. But the mind wanders and it can be a good thing. Just don't think too much about it guys. We all have fears, and such... People can be in ecstasy, run away and never be seen again.. People bring back what they've found - Their journey, their story.. It's good to not be negative about it all because that just causes unnecessary suffering. You need to reassure yourself and solve the problem, experience, - Through time and space. I've alw
ays wondered why my parents for example get annoyed with things (Dropping for example) - ""Why haven't they figured it out yet by age 50?"" - The truth is, we'll always be annoyed by things.. Annoyance is like fear and continued exposure of perception. There's has to be some sort of everything in the mixture of a person. People identify with a lot of things. Art for example - I like to think that it didn't come from the person, but to let myself be captured and engrossed by the creator through time - Even though it came from an outside source.. Like _PERSON_ for example: It seems that he was an antenna - Getting ideas from other galaxies."
175994812,_AT_MENTION_ You're 1 post away from being a Legendary Wise _NAME_!
175994813,Groceries....pretty much all lean cuisines and some bananas ?
174394913,Doing well today. Just need to prepare a class for tomorrow. Etc.
175994814,"Yes, I took my night meds around 8:15 PM and I took my morning meds around 5:15 AM."
175994815,"300mg is a very small dose of trileptal, I take 1200 . I hope the increase helps you"
175994816,And the curse is lifted!
175994817,_PERSON_i found lex to be very strong also but for me prozac is even more activating. on 40 megs i was climbing the walls
175994818,"Thinking of changing my signature to ""More than Normal""."
175994819,Happy bday!!!
174394927,I find that like a lot of people with different types of mental illness recriminate against those with schizophrenia. I’ve noticed it with people with borderline pd. Then maybe bipolar and people not knowing what bipolar is and saying oh I have bp because my emotions fluctuate short period of time. Then there’s ocd and adhd. Depression isn’t take. Seriously by some like get up and get **** done. Not feeling well in a sense. We all deal with discrimination because of our disorder.
175994820,"_NAME_, I would only ride on back streets or parks. Nothing remotely close to traffic. I see people riding all the time in heavy traffic. This scares me to death. I know its not right to have to worry about what a motorist might do but better safe than sorry. I used to have a motorcycle and would like to ride one again but I know if I did get one my riding would be severely limited. I used to ride when younger with no shirt or shoes on. How is that for really stupid behavior. Now I would not dream of such a thing. Best of luck to you sir."
175994821,Well as long as you're intuitive you wont be telling me what to do and to obey the law.. lol (ESTJ) xd
175994822,Bb da b0mb
175994823,"I don't normally sweat a lot but my shirt was drenched in sweat when I got home earlier, had to change"
175994824,"https://file.scirp.org/pdf/JCC_2_PHONE_NO_.pdf Over the past years a booming interest is comprehended in the field of wireless communication for the development of a monitoring system to observe human vital organs activities remotely. Wireless Body Area Network (WBAN) is such network that provides a continuous monitoring over or inside human body for a long period and can support transmission of real time traffic such as data, voice, video to observe the status of vital organs functionalities. In this paper an overview of WBAN technology and its requirements has been narrated. The aim of this paper was to offer a suitable and appropriate wireless technology for deploying WBAN. Several suitable short range wireless communication technologies that can be adopted in WBAN have also been discussed. Finally numerous applications in the field of medical and non-medical sectors using WBAN technology have been outlined. 2. WBAN Architecture WBAN is designed with special purpose sensor which can autonomously 
connect with various sensors and appliances, located inside and outside of a human body. Figure 1 demonstrates a simple WBAN architecture where the architecture is divided into several sections. Here we have classified the network architecture into four sections. The first section is the WBAN part which consists of several numbers of sensor nodes. These nodes are cheap and low-power nodes with inertial and physiological sensors, strategically placed on the human body. All the sensors can be used for continuous monitoring of movement, vital parameters like heart rate, ECG, Blood pressure etc. and the surrounding environment. There are vast monitoring systems are being used already based on wired connections. Any wired connection in a monitoring system can be problematic and awkward worn by a person and could restrict his mobility. So, WBAN can be a very effective solution in this area especially in a healthcare system where a patient needs to be monitored continuously and requires mobility. The next section is 
the coordination node where the entire sensor nodes will directly connected with a coordination node known as Central Control Unit (CCU). CCU takes the responsibility to collect information from the sensor nodes and to deliver to the next section. For monitoring human body activities Figure 1. WBAN Architecture. Md. _PERSON_ et al. 55 there is no such wireless technology is fixed for targeting WBAN. Most popular wireless technologies used for medical monitoring system are WLAN, WiFi, GSM, 3G, 4G,WPAN (Bluetooth, ZigBee) etc. [1]. Except Cellular network standard all of these technologies are commonly available for short distance communication. WMTS (Wireless Medical Telemetry Service) and Ultra-Wide Band [1] are another technology that could be used for body monitoring system"
175994825,I’m struggling with being alone today. Headed to my guys house then I’m goi g to see my bestest at work. I am in desperate need of a hug. The kind you can only get from certain people in your life. Most of those people are dead but I have a couple left. She’s one of them! I’m going to meet her gf for the first time. They’ve been together forever but she’s always working or w/her kids when me and bestest hang out. I look like **** though. I should change but idc. Take me or leave me.
175994826,Glad to hear your sleep has improved! I was wondering how you were doing. I think insomnia can make anyone feel depressed and/or anxious.
175994827,Something really exciting. Fish oil. Lol.
175994828,"She's following God's will, or God's command not to touch the tree in the middle of the Garden. But in some ways, _NAME_ is the Garden, and Eve is the Nile or the river that runs through the Garden. There is a double meaning in that story, but put both meaning together, and the rest is clearer. Its not untrue, but it comes back to the question of authority. The lovers are following the authority blindly, out of faith and love. They don't know really good and evil until they try evil, and then it is the Devil's card. Its not morality, it is faith, which is pre-moral in a sense. They don't know first hand the bad, only the good, if they accept it. But they are given the choice, and they choose the Man instead of the God. So it is an analogy to humanism. The Devil is the perfect humanist, who ""frees"" the individual, or tempts them to do so. What the Church called it was grace, not morality. So before the bad decision, they are in a state of grace, and when they decide to make their own determination 
of good and evil, they fall from grace, and then they are not in tune with nature and their environment, they become alienated from it, and from each others as well, yet bound to them at the same time. That's kind of a secular humanist interpretation. Not particularly useful. What happens here I assume, is the sacrament of ordination. So you have the high priest, which you can see as the Pope, bestowing that power to others, so they become like him. The power of the key is to bind things and unbind things. So what is bound on Earth, is also bound in Heavens and vice versa. Its the power to reconcile from an alienated world. Its also the definition of religion, so the power of the key is the power of religion, this time seen as an institution, because the power of the keys are given to certain people, the authorities. They in turn, can apply that power for other sacraments, two of them being baptism, that take out the temptation to rebel in the story above, or marriage, that makes the same act above acceptable 
and good. But overall, it is the power of giving mercy and forgiveness, which is a divine power, so it has to be given from above. So it deals more about giving back a state of grace than about good and evil directly. If anything, it is going away from it and getting back in line with what should be, which is beyond good and evil. Its about redemption from it."
175994829,Cool _PERSON_...what is your story about for the mighty?
175994830,"My sister is stopping by later with some eggs, milk and protein bars"
174394947,"Sometimes, when I feel like that, I watch youtube videos of puppies or panda or cheetah cubs and I feel better, connected to the animals, maybe."
175994831,I have too many gastrointestinal issues
175994832,"I was recently left by my spouse of 36 years. He admitted that he would of stayed had I not of gained weight. Since he left I put on 50lbs. I wasn’t that big when he left me I am 5’9” I weighed 185, now I’m around 225."
175994833,"_PERSON_, don’t lose hope and don’t blame yourself. I know it’s your daughter and each time you see her stray is another knife in your heart. I’m going through my own shit as well and I am on an emotional roller coaster ride that feels like it ends in a black tunnel with no more rails. I can tell you that reaching out to people and getting support is a great first step acknowledgement that you want to feel and be better. No one wants to feel and be in pain forever. Right now I feel good so my thoughts are actually kind of clear for once. I have a 5 year old that means everything to me. I can’t imagine how you feel but I can tell you that your life is “your life” and their life is “their life”. We can’t control how other people feel or think but we can control ourself. You can make the choice to be happy and instead of persuading your daughter that the life she has is wrong. You can show her that you can be happy by being a loving and caring person and to respect yourself. Maybe 
if she sees that you are happy or at least making strides to be happy, she will feed off positivity and then show her that respecting your body and loving yourself should always come first. This is how you can truly be happy with others. PM me if you ever want to chat more. Like I said I’m going through my own stuff too but I always feel better when people write me and I chat with them. Good luck and I really hope you find happiness within yourself so it influences others in the process."
175994834,Glad I have really good headphones and lots of music so I don't have to listen to the dripping all night. I'm stressed out
175994835,How often do you think your supposed to sleep and what are good things for sleeping? I just heard a psych central podcast about sleep that said that only being in the bedroom for sleep and time with your partner is the only things you should do in bed. What do you think?
175994836,At least I have my cat... I wonder if she talks about me behind my back too lol.
175994837,"Like I said, I think my doctor is going to be disappointed or concerned when I talk to him on Monday. I just... UGH. I don't trust the meds. I think they're poison. I know it doesn't make sense. I can't shake it. The internet says I'm psychotic. The internet says I'm manic. The internet also says I don't have bipolar. The internet doesn't believe you can control the world with your mind. The internet says a lot of things."
175994838,"It may take a few weeks for you to notice a difference but the symptoms could begin to decrease within your first week. I am currently on 100mg/daily. I was on a much lower dose in the beginning. Over time as new issues have arrived we have agreed on higher doses. I have been on Zoloft since 2016. I tried 4 other medications before I discovered Zoloft. I am very happy with it, just be patient. Give it time to work, if you don't feel better within a month talk to your doctor about an increase. I do want to warn you against running out of medicine, forgetting to take it, or stopping suddenly. I forgot my bottle at home when I went out of town, after 3 days I felt the depression more than ever, but I am on a high dosage and have been for years now, just be mindful and remember to take the medicine so it can do it's job."
175994839,"how they see, hear my thoughts, or yours, read my mind, or our minds, is their game. they have had it for centuries and longer. they have played the 'all for you' card like in the _NAME_ show film and also the 'omen' films about the devil. it may all be recorded, it may not. but they are bad people. they are bad mothers. bad parents. bad sisters and bad siblings. bad friends. they set me up to be in pain. they are awful disgusting people. stop making excuses for them thatswhatithought. they have zero excuses. I was born perfect into an evil world. I will end and exit this world as imperfect as them but some more than that. they can read my mind, and always do, all the time. they are creeps. they take the credit for things they didn't create or make but because they are mindreaders they make me (or us if u r true) feel guilty for it. they are @@@@@@@. and that is that. stop making excuses for them. they are the 'devil' and I am one who will majorly mess them up given the chance. not one of them is g
ood. all of them are bad. stop making excuses for them and stop pretending 'we' or 'you' or special. they are evil and that is that."
175994840,_PERSON_ are you doing ok this morning?
175994841,"I think these little messages that I write on here, I'll read them to my therapist. I don't understand what I'm writing but maybe my therapist can. Like maybe what I'm writing is symptoms that represent some type of thing.. And then I talk about what happened in my life and why I am this way, etc..."
175994842,"_PERSON_........Life gets so hard at times, but, instilled in your DNA is the power for you to get through this. Do not hide away in shame because you are having trouble.....everyone is going through hard times, to one degree or another. However, there are experiences which are just yours which gives you such a hard time. Come on back and let's chat, and see if we can assist in making you feel better, and begin to heal. We are here for you, but even so....it is not possible for us to help much if you don't share some of your pain. Reach out for help."
175994843,Bb u been on Xbox?
175994844,"Took money from my paycheque from Friday and put it on credit cards (minus my portion of house expenses). Moved money from credit cards to my line of credit so it’s less interest. Making small steps. I don’t have a big enough line of credit to move it all from credit cards to line of credit but it’s a start. Going to focus on paying off my credit cards first. If I keep my spending to barely anything except essentials, it shouldn’t be too long before I have them paid off. If I didn’t take that second year of personal training a few years back I wouldn’t have so much on my line of credit Small steps towards reducing my debt. I’m serious about it. That $2,000 from my job will pay for almost all my next three courses so I don’t have to worry about that. Have no other spending on the horizon except phone bill and regular household expenses money. Debt is no joke. Take it seriously, ya’ll."
175994845,I will go for coffee with a friend. I hope i will get distracted. 666/999 Fast and bulbous!
175994846,My mom too! I can’t seem to drink coffee anymore due to the acidity of it. Makes me nauseous and stuff. I drink it black but I can’t put cream in it due to my lactose intolerance. So I just get small Red Bull’s.
175994847,"I ordered burgers off DoorDash and I'm trying not to check my phone every 30 seconds to track it. Trying to be zen. When there's an update, it'll let me know... _PERSON_..."
175994848,Yeah thanks I'm glad I do.
174394982,I take abilify in the morning
175994849,"JD8505, I hope your father's cpap machine comes soon. That must be difficult for him. Keep hanging in there. _PERSON_, _NAME_..."
175994850,Made a new thread
175994851,"Yay! My stimulus check from the IRS will be deposited this Thursday, the 30th"
175994852,"Trying to balance all my school work right now, there is a lot of it, but I don’t really feel like doing it right now. There’s gotta be just the right amount of pressure."
175994853,Half the time I go out with wet hair.....
175994854,"I need to get the hell out of here. I need to move out. I'm finally starting to realize that I wasn't just manipulated by my moms ex bf who I had to call my ""step dad"", but my mom as well. One of the worst things that she did was to convince me to drop the charges against my ex step dad because she said I ""wouldn't win - There's a small chance that the judge would be harsh"" on me. It was complete manipulation. I was 16. Then she neglected me for over a year by staying at his house after I got him kicked out. That's when I was doing all of those drugs. This has all caused me a lot of pain. I was too young to realize."
175994855,That person must think we are weirdos or in some sort of cult or something.
175994856,"Yeah, it kind of freaked me out earlier."
175994857,"_PERSON_, I also have to say you're a great writer. You would make a great copywriter, editor, or really anything that requires writing. It's sometimes hard to have confidence in our writing, I'd say. I used to have a lot of trouble being confident in my writing. But after a while, I learned to just say that I don't really care too much about what others think about it, and I just do it anyway. Anyway, I don't know if you needed to hear that or what, but I just wanted to tell you that you would make a great writer, no matter the format or whatever. Also, writing can be a lonely path, ha. But I'd say it's worth it!"
175994858,I'm sorry to hear about that! I hope you're able to get her cleaned off
175994859,Yeah i found a page with more options and that jumped out at me due to locations and age.....’fraid doc google beat you to it......
175994860,"Hello _PERSON_. I have just recently been diagnosed with BPD and it has ruined all my past relationships. I am currently single and intend on taking a break from relationships but hope to someday meet someone. My last relationship left me completely broken hearted, I experienced a lot of the same things you are describing. The massive over thinking of “I am not good enough” and so many other things. I think you and I should chat more..."
175994861,"I don't ""like"" anything either but is there anything you ""want""? There are things I want and I use that to create and discover. Sometimes I don't do anything towards that but other days I do and I seek out enviroments that may help me."
175994862,"I don't like cameras but that would make for a cheap date lol, it's going in the right direction I suppose, saving drive time and dinner for 2, and that uncomfortable moment of payment. I'd save so much money on alcohol lol I still haven't had a beer though. I'm firm on that maybe for 2 months, o maybe until mid august, then I'll just have 2 beers a day again, no more now that I know the risk."
175994863,Good? IT WAS ****ING GREAT! I JUST GOT BACK FROM IT! **** YEAH! EVERYTHING I WANTED!
175994864,"I love that site, they have the coolest stuff!"
175994865,Very cool. What kind of video games are you designing? Like pixel art or some 3D rendering stuff? How'd your class go?
175994866,"Yeah, you should avoid psychedelics. That's not gotten you anywhere in the past but the hospital. I'm glad you're feeling stable. Keep it up because I know it's hard. Some days might be harder than most but it gets better."
175994867,_NAME_ - Broken Strings ft. _PERSON_ (Official Video) - YouTube YOU CAN'T PLAY ON BROKEN STRINGS YOU CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING THAT YOUR HEART DON'T WANT TO FEEL I CAN'T TELL YOU SOMETHING THAT AIN'T REAL
175994868,"Good morning everybody. I slept in today again but it's Saturday so that's allowed. :P Last night, I went out for dinner with my family to my father's club and it was fun to get all dressed up. The meal was great, too. My mood is pretty good and I'll have another low key day. I'll run a few errands, read, watch a little TV...that sort of thing."
174394991,"Just a suggestion, but can you tell the manager or whomever you talk to there that you don't want to work more than 20 hours? You don't need to tell them about mental illness or anything like that. Just be firm about it. That's my advice. It's tough to put your foot down sometimes but it's good to treat yourself like that. I mean in terms of sanity."
175994869,I have French fries life is good
175994870,"For breakfast I had some cream of wheat, hard boiled eggs and some fruit. For lunch I had mashed potatoes and roast beef. Don't know yet what I am having for dinner."
175994871,been in a pretty good mood last couple of days...
175994872,I'm sorry you have been feeling that you can't trust anyone.
175994873,Ok I will.. I have a large bottle of water beside my bed.. Imma sleep now (Sorry everyone for the drama.. lol)
175994874,"""The you is just a projection of nothing believed to be real. Reality for a human being is nothing more than a fictional play played and watched by no one. It's a trickless trick. The mind is fearful of it's own nonexistence, not knowing it is already invisible formless energy that is neither created nor can be destroyed...and that what it apparently attaches itself to in the form of form is actually empty...simply because nonexistence is the whole essence, substratum of existence itself which is infinitely infinite without beginning nor end. There really is no thing to make any thing of. The illusion is only real in the sense it is believed, again by no thing."" ""Ego death is not real death, as there is no death. Ego death is the dissolving of identification with the dream character (ego) which has no existence in and of itself...the mind that believes it is a mortal self aka (objective thing) fears it's own non-existence...when in truth, there is no such thing as non-existence for any mortal th
ing...for a mortal thing is just a temporal appearance (dream character) within the immortal one."" Christ.."
175994875,"The BPD I am mentioning is borderline personality disorder not bipolar disorder. Sorry, I should have been more specific."
175994876,"Hi _PERSON_, Welcoming fall season and for me going back to the gym so it’s good in that sense, even though where I live fall means 80s because most of the time is super hot. Anyways..have had a rough week, my anxiety came back full blast for these days and I’m not sure if it is because I had really unsettling news for my family and on top of that hormonal changes...but I’m still taking my citalopram and remembering that I have been down this road in the past and have conquered it..."
175994877,"20oz bag Starbucks Sumatra ground coffee 24pk V8 juice (the purely vegetable kind) 18pk protein bars _NAME_'s cups, giant, 1lb total. Each cup is 1/2 a pound."
175994878,Mashed potatoes w/ gravy
175994879,had a bath last night no longer smelly ( but i let one go it might linger for a while )
175994880,"""smokers breakfast"" said the councilor on the quit-line... coffee and cigarettes"
175994881,"What a beaut! You remind me of _NAME_. What a picturesque thread (especially poxalis 's h o o k a h h h commercials)! I've only smoked one cigarette in my entire life--inhaled it like a joint and, ""Never again!"". But I've always loved the smell of secondhand smoke and had a soft spot in my heart for smokers, especially nowadays when they're so beleaguered. Whenever a smoker lights up they're giving the finger to an increasingly in-your-face ""leadership"" who, within the next generation, will have us narcing on each other and sending each other to reeducation camps for wiping incorrectly. Because we're all addicted to something bad, we're all dying, and when we kick the bucket, no matter how carefully we've lived, no matter how clean our kitchen floors are, no matter how much we've scrimped and saved, it ain't gonna be pretty. Cigarette smokers seem to be among the few who live accordingly. Bravo!"
175994882,"Now my parents are fighting through text.. _PERSON_ my dad is an asshole and my mom has histrionic PD. He gave her money and told me he would have given more but she'd ""spend it on her hair or something stupid like that"". I'm sick of this bs."
175994883,McDonald's breakfast
175994884,Want to talk about it?
175994885,Good luck. I hope you get it.
175994886,"Same, on both. I wish I had more friends on my Nintendo switch to play games with."
175994887,Hooray for Skiing!
